https://www.canada.ca/en/government/about.html About Canada.ca - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to About this site Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca About Canada.ca Canada.ca is the Government of Canada's digital presence. The goal of this site is to make it easier for Canadians to find and understand Government of Canada information and services. Most requested Template and pattern library for Canada.ca Top tasks for Canada.ca Content and Information Architecture Specification Content Style Guide Designing and improving Canada.ca Design updates Changes to the design of Canada.ca to continuously improve in response to user needs. Content improvement projects Projects the Digital Transformation Office is working on with departmental partners to make Canada.ca work better for people. Canada.ca blog Evidence and insights on improving information and services on Canada.ca. Canada.ca design system Content and Information Architecture Specification, Content Style Guide, templates and design patterns, topic tree, institutions list, theme lead departments. Secure digital services Learn how the government is working to provide Canadians safe and secure access to its services and information. Canada.ca analytics Data on how people are interacting with the Government of Canada online. Connect with us Government of Canada contacts Contact institutions of the Government of Canada. Digital Transformation Office Meet the team that is working with federal departments to improve Canada.ca. Page details Date modified: 2023-03-28 About this site Digital Transformation Office (DTO) Contact us Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy