https://www.uwindsor.ca/graduate-studies/305/applied-computing?elqTrackId=980c1004637a45b2a1254858e8dcd481&elqaid=819&elqat=2 Applied Computing | Faculty of Graduate Studies Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Grad Studies News About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Faculty of Graduate Studies About Us Future Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Funding Graduate Calendar Grad Studies News Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Future Students Graduate Programs Admission Requirements Tuition Fees Apply Future Students FAQ Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter UWindsor Home Faculty of Graduate Studies Future Students Applied Computing Applied Computing MAC Course-based, professional program that will provide students with a solid foundation of the industry oriented practical aspects of computer science. Offers exposure to the various components of computer science. Provides a solid background in the foundation of computing and other subject areas. The skills and knowledge gained from this program will allow you to develop a successful career in the growing software industry through practical projects, internships and in-class training. This program has been specifically designed to expose you to the latest technologies and developments in a number of high-demand fields. Courses include not only Computer Science but also Business classes. Program Specific Admission Requirements An applicant must hold a 4-year bachelor degree in Computer Science or a closely-related discipline with a minimum major average of 70% or an average of 77% or better in the last 3 years of study. Because of the large number of applicants to the Masters of Applied Computing, the minimum admitting average does not guarantee admission. In particular, having 5 or more grades below 70% in computer science courses, will significantly decrease your chances for admission to this program. In addition, applicants with 2 or more backlogs in computer science core courses will not be admitted. Deadline for Summer: The Summer 2024 term is at capacity and the application portal is now closed. Deadline for Fall: The Fall 2023 term is at capacity and the application portal is now closed. The Fall 2024 application portal will open in early September 2023. Deadline for Winter: The Winter 2024 term is at capacity and the application portal is now closed. The Winter 2025 application portal will open in early January 2024. Minimum TOEFL: IBT-92 (a minimum of 23 in each band) Minimum IELTS: 6.5, with no individual band score below 6.0 and no more than one band score of 6.0. Minimum Pearson: 65 Additional Requirements Statement of Interest Resume/CV Two Letters of Reference Upon acceptance of an offer of admission a deposit of $4000 is due within 21-days. Please refer to the information on deposits included with your offer. General admission requirements for all Graduate Programs Learn More Request More Information Graduate Academic Calendar Program and Course Descriptions Visit Computer Science Apply to this Program share tweet save Follow Us: Follow us on Twitter Grad News Ontario Graduate Scholarships (OGS) and the QEII-Graduate Scholarships in Science and Technology (QEII-GSST) GATA Network Series - workshop on Nov. 30th Copy of presentation from info session for NSERC, SSHRC and CIHR Master's scholarship applicants 2024-25 External graduate scholarship deadlines 2024-25 SSHRC Doctoral Competition More News Upcoming Events Info session for students applying to the OGS and QEII-GSST Thu, 11/23/2023 - 15:00 Final oral defense: Stephanie Nardone (Ph.D.) Fri, 11/24/2023 - 12:00 Last day to send a doctoral dissertation to the PhD External Examiner for a January 2024 defense. Mon, 11/27/2023 Final oral defense: Lucas Vajko Siddall (M.Sc.) Thu, 11/30/2023 - 09:30 Final oral defense: Ali Dhaif (M.A.Sc.) Thu, 11/30/2023 - 10:00 more Future Students FAQ ask.uwindsor.ca How do I apply? What is the status of my application? I've been accepted. Now what? share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram