http://ask.uwindsor.ca/?elqTrackId=db6541d5d96c4928aaf8dcb0186f0ae8&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=2042 ask.UWindsor - Support Home Page Skip Navigation FUTURE STUDENTS STUDENT LIFE Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support RESEARCH Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre ACADEMICS PROGRAMS Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Continuing Education Registrar's Office FACULTIES Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science ACADEMIC SUPPORT Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost ABOUT Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine CURRENT STUDENTS · ALUMNI + DONORS · FACULTY + STAFF · ASK.UWINDSOR SEARCH ABOUT ACADEMICS RESEARCH STUDENT LIFE CURRENT STUDENTS ALUMNI + DONORS FACULTY + STAFF ASK.UWINDSOR FUTURE STUDENTS Your browser either does not have JavaScript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of JavaScript to be used well on this site. Sign in or Sign up Search Find articles for Screen Reader users press enter to select a all students. all students all students Screen Reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics all topics Search by Keyword Search Welcome to ask.UWindsor, we're here to help. Search our ‘knowledge articles’ for information or ask a question for our dedicated staff to answer. All Popular Articles What programs do you offer? Undergraduate Programs The University of Windsor offers more than 200 undergraduate programs, which all our programs combine both academic and relevant experience to prepare you to gain a competitive advantage in the real-world.... How do I sign in to UWinsite Student? To sign in to UWinsite Student 1. In your web browser, preferably Google Chrome, go to www.uwindsor.ca/uwinsitestudent. 2. Click the blue SIGN IN TO UWINSITE STUDENT button. 3. On the Sign in screen, enter (or select)... How do I activate my UWin Account for the first time? Your UWin Account is your personal digital identification for accessing several online services at UWindsor. Applicants need to activate their UWin Account prior to accessing UWinsite Student (undergraduates) or eGAS (graduates). To... How do I change my name with UWindsor? Preferred First Name UWindsor recognizes that some students prefer to be addressed by names other than their legal first names. For this reason, the university allows you to designate a preferred first name. For example: A student’s legal name is... How do I access and complete online Student Perceptions of Teaching (SPT)? SPTs provide students with an opportunity for feedback regarding their course and instructor in order to enhance the teaching/learning culture on campus. To access and complete an online SPT: In your web browser, preferably Google... How do I know when to register for classes? You will be assigned a registration appointment time based on your program and level of study. Your registration appointment time is when you can start to enroll in classes through UWinsite Student. As a registration period approaches, you have a couple... What does my Fee Category mean? There are four types of fee categories for tuition at the University of Windsor: 1. Domestic – Ontario Residence: Students who reside in Ontario or are residents of Ontario as per the OSAP guidelines. 2. Domestic –... How do I view my offer of admission to an undergraduate program at UWindsor? Undergraduate applicants can view their offer of admission to the University of Windsor in UWinsite Student. To locate your offer of admission: 1. In your web browser, preferably Google Chrome, go to www.u... How do I receive an Enrolment Verification letter? Proof of enrolment is often required by financial institutions, government agencies, insurance companies or employers. The University of Windsor offers an Enrolment Verification Letter (no charge) and an Enrolment Certificate. Please... How do I get a copy of my Academic Transcript? A University of Windsor transcript is a document issued by the Office of the Registrar which records all aspects of a student's registrations and grades obtained at the University. All current UWindsor students, alumni and former students can... Show more Published Answers Do you have a technology related question? UWin Account sign in questions? MFA issues? Other IT challenges? Please contact the IT Service Desk by opening a ticket or visiting our Live Chat. IT Service Desk Future Students Student ambassadors are here to help answer any questions about what it’s like at UWindsor. Chat with our Student Team Ask your International Course-Based Masters questions in real time during the hours listed below. Live Chat International Course-Based Masters chat hours are: Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 4:00 PM EST It is currently Tuesday, Nov 21, 2023 04:47 PM EST Contact Us University Directory Accessibility Services News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Emergency Services for Studentshttp://ask.uwindsor.ca/?elqTrackId=cd5852cf31e94ac6a6d35616316d8aa4&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=43 ask.UWindsor - Support Home Page Skip Navigation FUTURE STUDENTS STUDENT LIFE Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support RESEARCH Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre ACADEMICS PROGRAMS Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Continuing Education Registrar's Office FACULTIES Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science ACADEMIC SUPPORT Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost ABOUT Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine CURRENT STUDENTS · ALUMNI + DONORS · FACULTY + STAFF · ASK.UWINDSOR SEARCH ABOUT ACADEMICS RESEARCH STUDENT LIFE CURRENT STUDENTS ALUMNI + DONORS FACULTY + STAFF ASK.UWINDSOR FUTURE STUDENTS Your browser either does not have JavaScript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of JavaScript to be used well on this site. Sign in or Sign up Search Find articles for Screen Reader users press enter to select a all students. all students all students Screen Reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics all topics Search by Keyword Search Welcome to ask.UWindsor, we're here to help. Search our ‘knowledge articles’ for information or ask a question for our dedicated staff to answer. All Popular Articles What programs do you offer? Undergraduate Programs The University of Windsor offers more than 200 undergraduate programs, which all our programs combine both academic and relevant experience to prepare you to gain a competitive advantage in the real-world.... How do I sign in to UWinsite Student? To sign in to UWinsite Student 1. In your web browser, preferably Google Chrome, go to www.uwindsor.ca/uwinsitestudent. 2. Click the blue SIGN IN TO UWINSITE STUDENT button. 3. On the Sign in screen, enter (or select)... How do I activate my UWin Account for the first time? Your UWin Account is your personal digital identification for accessing several online services at UWindsor. Applicants need to activate their UWin Account prior to accessing UWinsite Student (undergraduates) or eGAS (graduates). To... How do I change my name with UWindsor? Preferred First Name UWindsor recognizes that some students prefer to be addressed by names other than their legal first names. For this reason, the university allows you to designate a preferred first name. For example: A student’s legal name is... How do I access and complete online Student Perceptions of Teaching (SPT)? SPTs provide students with an opportunity for feedback regarding their course and instructor in order to enhance the teaching/learning culture on campus. To access and complete an online SPT: In your web browser, preferably Google... How do I know when to register for classes? You will be assigned a registration appointment time based on your program and level of study. Your registration appointment time is when you can start to enroll in classes through UWinsite Student. As a registration period approaches, you have a couple... What does my Fee Category mean? There are four types of fee categories for tuition at the University of Windsor: 1. Domestic – Ontario Residence: Students who reside in Ontario or are residents of Ontario as per the OSAP guidelines. 2. Domestic –... How do I view my offer of admission to an undergraduate program at UWindsor? Undergraduate applicants can view their offer of admission to the University of Windsor in UWinsite Student. To locate your offer of admission: 1. In your web browser, preferably Google Chrome, go to www.u... How do I receive an Enrolment Verification letter? Proof of enrolment is often required by financial institutions, government agencies, insurance companies or employers. The University of Windsor offers an Enrolment Verification Letter (no charge) and an Enrolment Certificate. Please... How do I get a copy of my Academic Transcript? A University of Windsor transcript is a document issued by the Office of the Registrar which records all aspects of a student's registrations and grades obtained at the University. All current UWindsor students, alumni and former students can... Show more Published Answers Do you have a technology related question? UWin Account sign in questions? MFA issues? Other IT challenges? Please contact the IT Service Desk by opening a ticket or visiting our Live Chat. IT Service Desk Future Students Student ambassadors are here to help answer any questions about what it’s like at UWindsor. Chat with our Student Team Ask your International Course-Based Masters questions in real time during the hours listed below. Live Chat International Course-Based Masters chat hours are: Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 4:00 PM EST It is currently Tuesday, Nov 21, 2023 04:47 PM EST Contact Us University Directory Accessibility Services News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Emergency Services for Studentshttp://ask.uwindsor.ca/?elqTrackId=de8f2142654e40d1b37144c0e18a4ff3&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=43 ask.UWindsor - Support Home Page Skip Navigation FUTURE STUDENTS STUDENT LIFE Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support RESEARCH Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre ACADEMICS PROGRAMS Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Continuing Education Registrar's Office FACULTIES Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science ACADEMIC SUPPORT Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost ABOUT Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine CURRENT STUDENTS · ALUMNI + DONORS · FACULTY + STAFF · ASK.UWINDSOR SEARCH ABOUT ACADEMICS RESEARCH STUDENT LIFE CURRENT STUDENTS ALUMNI + DONORS FACULTY + STAFF ASK.UWINDSOR FUTURE STUDENTS Your browser either does not have JavaScript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of JavaScript to be used well on this site. Sign in or Sign up Search Find articles for Screen Reader users press enter to select a all students. all students all students Screen Reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics all topics Search by Keyword Search Welcome to ask.UWindsor, we're here to help. Search our ‘knowledge articles’ for information or ask a question for our dedicated staff to answer. All Popular Articles What programs do you offer? Undergraduate Programs The University of Windsor offers more than 200 undergraduate programs, which all our programs combine both academic and relevant experience to prepare you to gain a competitive advantage in the real-world.... How do I sign in to UWinsite Student? To sign in to UWinsite Student 1. In your web browser, preferably Google Chrome, go to www.uwindsor.ca/uwinsitestudent. 2. Click the blue SIGN IN TO UWINSITE STUDENT button. 3. On the Sign in screen, enter (or select)... How do I activate my UWin Account for the first time? Your UWin Account is your personal digital identification for accessing several online services at UWindsor. Applicants need to activate their UWin Account prior to accessing UWinsite Student (undergraduates) or eGAS (graduates). To... How do I change my name with UWindsor? Preferred First Name UWindsor recognizes that some students prefer to be addressed by names other than their legal first names. For this reason, the university allows you to designate a preferred first name. For example: A student’s legal name is... How do I access and complete online Student Perceptions of Teaching (SPT)? SPTs provide students with an opportunity for feedback regarding their course and instructor in order to enhance the teaching/learning culture on campus. To access and complete an online SPT: In your web browser, preferably Google... How do I know when to register for classes? You will be assigned a registration appointment time based on your program and level of study. Your registration appointment time is when you can start to enroll in classes through UWinsite Student. As a registration period approaches, you have a couple... What does my Fee Category mean? There are four types of fee categories for tuition at the University of Windsor: 1. Domestic – Ontario Residence: Students who reside in Ontario or are residents of Ontario as per the OSAP guidelines. 2. Domestic –... How do I view my offer of admission to an undergraduate program at UWindsor? Undergraduate applicants can view their offer of admission to the University of Windsor in UWinsite Student. To locate your offer of admission: 1. In your web browser, preferably Google Chrome, go to www.u... How do I receive an Enrolment Verification letter? Proof of enrolment is often required by financial institutions, government agencies, insurance companies or employers. The University of Windsor offers an Enrolment Verification Letter (no charge) and an Enrolment Certificate. Please... How do I get a copy of my Academic Transcript? A University of Windsor transcript is a document issued by the Office of the Registrar which records all aspects of a student's registrations and grades obtained at the University. All current UWindsor students, alumni and former students can... Show more Published Answers Do you have a technology related question? UWin Account sign in questions? MFA issues? Other IT challenges? Please contact the IT Service Desk by opening a ticket or visiting our Live Chat. IT Service Desk Future Students Student ambassadors are here to help answer any questions about what it’s like at UWindsor. Chat with our Student Team Ask your International Course-Based Masters questions in real time during the hours listed below. Live Chat International Course-Based Masters chat hours are: Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 4:00 PM EST It is currently Tuesday, Nov 21, 2023 04:47 PM EST Contact Us University Directory Accessibility Services News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Emergency Services for Studentshttp://ask.uwindsor.ca?elqTrackId=05b2878852e14a698bd4339e6aa5fc18&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=43 ask.UWindsor - Support Home Page Skip Navigation FUTURE STUDENTS STUDENT LIFE Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support RESEARCH Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre ACADEMICS PROGRAMS Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Continuing Education Registrar's Office FACULTIES Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science ACADEMIC SUPPORT Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost ABOUT Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine CURRENT STUDENTS · ALUMNI + DONORS · FACULTY + STAFF · ASK.UWINDSOR SEARCH ABOUT ACADEMICS RESEARCH STUDENT LIFE CURRENT STUDENTS ALUMNI + DONORS FACULTY + STAFF ASK.UWINDSOR FUTURE STUDENTS Your browser either does not have JavaScript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of JavaScript to be used well on this site. Sign in or Sign up Search Find articles for Screen Reader users press enter to select a all students. all students all students Screen Reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics all topics Search by Keyword Search Welcome to ask.UWindsor, we're here to help. Search our ‘knowledge articles’ for information or ask a question for our dedicated staff to answer. All Popular Articles What programs do you offer? Undergraduate Programs The University of Windsor offers more than 200 undergraduate programs, which all our programs combine both academic and relevant experience to prepare you to gain a competitive advantage in the real-world.... How do I sign in to UWinsite Student? To sign in to UWinsite Student 1. In your web browser, preferably Google Chrome, go to www.uwindsor.ca/uwinsitestudent. 2. Click the blue SIGN IN TO UWINSITE STUDENT button. 3. On the Sign in screen, enter (or select)... How do I activate my UWin Account for the first time? Your UWin Account is your personal digital identification for accessing several online services at UWindsor. Applicants need to activate their UWin Account prior to accessing UWinsite Student (undergraduates) or eGAS (graduates). To... How do I change my name with UWindsor? Preferred First Name UWindsor recognizes that some students prefer to be addressed by names other than their legal first names. For this reason, the university allows you to designate a preferred first name. For example: A student’s legal name is... How do I access and complete online Student Perceptions of Teaching (SPT)? SPTs provide students with an opportunity for feedback regarding their course and instructor in order to enhance the teaching/learning culture on campus. To access and complete an online SPT: In your web browser, preferably Google... How do I know when to register for classes? You will be assigned a registration appointment time based on your program and level of study. Your registration appointment time is when you can start to enroll in classes through UWinsite Student. As a registration period approaches, you have a couple... What does my Fee Category mean? There are four types of fee categories for tuition at the University of Windsor: 1. Domestic – Ontario Residence: Students who reside in Ontario or are residents of Ontario as per the OSAP guidelines. 2. Domestic –... How do I view my offer of admission to an undergraduate program at UWindsor? Undergraduate applicants can view their offer of admission to the University of Windsor in UWinsite Student. To locate your offer of admission: 1. In your web browser, preferably Google Chrome, go to www.u... How do I receive an Enrolment Verification letter? Proof of enrolment is often required by financial institutions, government agencies, insurance companies or employers. The University of Windsor offers an Enrolment Verification Letter (no charge) and an Enrolment Certificate. Please... How do I get a copy of my Academic Transcript? A University of Windsor transcript is a document issued by the Office of the Registrar which records all aspects of a student's registrations and grades obtained at the University. All current UWindsor students, alumni and former students can... Show more Published Answers Do you have a technology related question? UWin Account sign in questions? MFA issues? Other IT challenges? Please contact the IT Service Desk by opening a ticket or visiting our Live Chat. IT Service Desk Future Students Student ambassadors are here to help answer any questions about what it’s like at UWindsor. Chat with our Student Team Ask your International Course-Based Masters questions in real time during the hours listed below. Live Chat International Course-Based Masters chat hours are: Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 4:00 PM EST It is currently Tuesday, Nov 21, 2023 04:48 PM EST Contact Us University Directory Accessibility Services News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Emergency Services for Studentshttp://ask.uwindsor.ca/?elqTrackId=ad4d80a9d4044f2c8e59af44c4bacf97&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=2042 ask.UWindsor - Support Home Page Skip Navigation FUTURE STUDENTS STUDENT LIFE Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support RESEARCH Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre ACADEMICS PROGRAMS Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Continuing Education Registrar's Office FACULTIES Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science ACADEMIC SUPPORT Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost ABOUT Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine CURRENT STUDENTS · ALUMNI + DONORS · FACULTY + STAFF · ASK.UWINDSOR SEARCH ABOUT ACADEMICS RESEARCH STUDENT LIFE CURRENT STUDENTS ALUMNI + DONORS FACULTY + STAFF ASK.UWINDSOR FUTURE STUDENTS Your browser either does not have JavaScript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of JavaScript to be used well on this site. Sign in or Sign up Search Find articles for Screen Reader users press enter to select a all students. all students all students Screen Reader users press enter to select a all topics. all topics all topics Search by Keyword Search Welcome to ask.UWindsor, we're here to help. Search our ‘knowledge articles’ for information or ask a question for our dedicated staff to answer. All Popular Articles What programs do you offer? Undergraduate Programs The University of Windsor offers more than 200 undergraduate programs, which all our programs combine both academic and relevant experience to prepare you to gain a competitive advantage in the real-world.... How do I sign in to UWinsite Student? To sign in to UWinsite Student 1. In your web browser, preferably Google Chrome, go to www.uwindsor.ca/uwinsitestudent. 2. Click the blue SIGN IN TO UWINSITE STUDENT button. 3. On the Sign in screen, enter (or select)... How do I activate my UWin Account for the first time? Your UWin Account is your personal digital identification for accessing several online services at UWindsor. Applicants need to activate their UWin Account prior to accessing UWinsite Student (undergraduates) or eGAS (graduates). To... How do I change my name with UWindsor? Preferred First Name UWindsor recognizes that some students prefer to be addressed by names other than their legal first names. For this reason, the university allows you to designate a preferred first name. For example: A student’s legal name is... How do I access and complete online Student Perceptions of Teaching (SPT)? SPTs provide students with an opportunity for feedback regarding their course and instructor in order to enhance the teaching/learning culture on campus. To access and complete an online SPT: In your web browser, preferably Google... How do I know when to register for classes? You will be assigned a registration appointment time based on your program and level of study. Your registration appointment time is when you can start to enroll in classes through UWinsite Student. As a registration period approaches, you have a couple... What does my Fee Category mean? There are four types of fee categories for tuition at the University of Windsor: 1. Domestic – Ontario Residence: Students who reside in Ontario or are residents of Ontario as per the OSAP guidelines. 2. Domestic –... How do I view my offer of admission to an undergraduate program at UWindsor? Undergraduate applicants can view their offer of admission to the University of Windsor in UWinsite Student. To locate your offer of admission: 1. In your web browser, preferably Google Chrome, go to www.u... How do I receive an Enrolment Verification letter? Proof of enrolment is often required by financial institutions, government agencies, insurance companies or employers. The University of Windsor offers an Enrolment Verification Letter (no charge) and an Enrolment Certificate. Please... How do I get a copy of my Academic Transcript? A University of Windsor transcript is a document issued by the Office of the Registrar which records all aspects of a student's registrations and grades obtained at the University. All current UWindsor students, alumni and former students can... Show more Published Answers Do you have a technology related question? UWin Account sign in questions? MFA issues? Other IT challenges? Please contact the IT Service Desk by opening a ticket or visiting our Live Chat. IT Service Desk Future Students Student ambassadors are here to help answer any questions about what it’s like at UWindsor. Chat with our Student Team Ask your International Course-Based Masters questions in real time during the hours listed below. Live Chat International Course-Based Masters chat hours are: Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 4:00 PM EST It is currently Tuesday, Nov 21, 2023 04:48 PM EST Contact Us University Directory Accessibility Services News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions Emergency Services for Students