https://www.canada.ca/en/services/benefits.html Benefits - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Benefits Includes Employment Insurance, child benefit, pensions and benefits for housing, student aid, family, disabilities and after a death. Most requested Apply for Employment Insurance Apply for student loans and grants Child and family benefits calculators Sign in to a Government of Canada online account Sign up for direct deposit Submit your EI report with the Internet Reporting Service Services and information Employment Insurance benefits and leave Temporary benefits for workers, sickness, fishing and family-related benefits. How to apply online and submit a report. Family and caregiving benefits Child benefit, dental benefit and GST/HST credit. Maternity, parental and caregiving benefits and leave. Help for the costs of raising people with disabilities. Public pensions Canada Pension Plan, Old Age Security, Guaranteed Income Supplement, Retirement planning. Funding for jobs and training Find funding programs, grants and contributions that help support jobs, training, and social development. Student aid and education planning Plan for an education, save, budget. Explore student aid and career options. Housing benefits Housing rebate, financial assistance for home repairs improve accessibility for disabled occupants, increase energy-efficiency. Disability benefits Disability pensions and children's benefits, education funding, savings plans, gasoline tax refund program. Benefits by audience Benefits and programs, including eligibility. Benefits payment dates Payment dates for recurring Government of Canada benefit payments. Benefits finder A tool to help you find federal, provincial and territorial benefits and services you may be eligible to receive. Notify the federal government of a death Documents you need. Who to notify. What to do next. From: Employment and Social Development Canada Department of Finance Canada Page feedback Did you find what you were looking for? Yes Yes No If not, tell us why below: What was wrong? I can't find the information The information is hard to understand There was an error or something didn't work Other reason Please provide more details (maximum 300 characters) You will not receive a reply. Telephone numbers and email addresses will be removed. Submit Thank you for your feedback. Page details Date modified: 2023-09-26 About this site Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy