https://international.gc.ca/world-monde/index.aspx?lang=eng Canada and the world Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français Government of Canada Search Search website Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Home Canada and the world Canada and the world Find information about Canada's foreign policy, trade agreements, development work and more. Follow: Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Facebook Canada and the world Canada’s Foreign Policy Canada’s International Development Twitter Canada to the world Canada’s Foreign Policy Canada’s International Development Most requested Find a Canadian scholarship as an international student International treaties signed by Canada Find international study or research opportunities in Canada Contact an embassy or consulate Contact a foreign representative in Canada Authenticate a document Services and information International offices and emergency contacts Find contact information for Canadian embassies, consulates and trade commissioners as well as emergency consular assistance. Study, work and travel worldwide Find all the information you need to help plan your travels, studies or work abroad. Information by country and territory Find information about Canada’s presence around the world. Stories These stories tell us about some of Canada’s international efforts for development, trade and foreign policy. Canada's international relations Explore Canada’s role in international organizations, trade negotiations and sanctions. Global issues and international assistance Our action to promote human dignity and a more just, inclusive, sustainable, and safe world. Canadian funding for international initiatives Learn about funding options for your international development, foreign policy or trade projects. International trade and investment Export, import and invest in Canada and foreign markets. Features Canada’s response to the crisis in Israel, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip Learn more about Canada’s response to the crisis in Israel, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Canada and Ukraine Learn about Canada’s response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Canada’s Indo-Pacific Strategy Advancing and defending Canada’s interests by supporting a more secure, prosperous, inclusive, and sustainable region, while protecting Canada’s national and economic security. Report a problem on this page Please select all that apply: A link, button or video is not working It has a spelling mistake Information is missing Information is outdated or wrong I can't find what I'm looking for Other issue not in this list Submit Thank you for your help! You will not receive a reply. For enquiries, please contact us. Date Modified: 2023-10-16 About this site Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth About government Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy