https://ircc.canada.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/crs-tool.asp#wb-cont Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) tool: skilled immigrants (Express Entry) Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search IRCC Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Immigration and citizenship Immigrate to Canada Immigrate through Express Entry Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) tool: skilled immigrants (Express Entry) Legal Disclaimer: This tool is intended solely for general guidance and reference purposes. In the event of any discrepancy between the results of this questionnaire and that provided by the Express Entry electronic system, the results provided by the system shall govern, in accordance with provisions of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act, the Immigration and Refugee Protection Regulations, and Minister's Instructions issued under IRPA s.10.3. This tool will be updated from time to time in accordance with changes to the Ministerial Instructions governing Express Entry. This tool will help you calculate your Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) score based on the answers you provide below. The CRS is a points-based system that we use to assess and score your profile and rank it in the Express Entry pool. It’s used to assess your: skills education language ability work experience other factors Use this tool if you’re eligible for at least 1 Express Entry program and you have not filled out an Express Entry profile but you’d like to see what your Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) score might be if you do or you were invited to apply for permanent residence, and want to see if a change to your profile may affect your CRS score To get an invitation to apply, your CRS score must be above the minimum points score of your round of invitations (cut-off scores may vary each round). 1) What is your marital status? Select... Annulled Marriage Common-Law Divorced / Separated Legally Separated Married Never Married / Single Widowed 2) i. Is your spouse or common-law partner a citizen or permanent resident of Canada? Select... No Yes 2) ii. Will your spouse or common-law partner come with you to Canada? Select... No Yes 3) How old are you? Choose the best answer: If you’ve been invited to apply, enter your age on the date you were invited. OR If you plan to complete an Express Entry profile, enter your current age. Select... 4) What is your level of education? Enter the highest level of education for which you: earned a Canadian degree, diploma or certificate or had an Educational Credential Assessment (ECA) if you did your study outside Canada. (ECAs must be from an approved agency, in the last five years) Note: a Canadian degree, diploma or certificate must either have been earned at an accredited Canadian university, college, trade or technical school, or other institute in Canada. Distance learning counts for education points, but not for bonus points in your profile or application. Select... 4b) Have you earned a Canadian degree, diploma or certificate? Note: to answer yes: English or French as a Second Language must not have made up more than half your study you must not have studied under an award that required you to return to your home country after graduation to apply your skills and knowledge you must have studied at a school within Canada (foreign campuses don’t count) you had to be enrolled full time for at least eight months, unless you completed the study or training program (in whole or in part) between March 2020 and August 2022 you had to have been physically present in Canada for at least eight months, unless you completed the study or training program (in whole or in part) between March 2020 and August 2022 Select... No Yes 4c) Choose the best answer to describe this level of education. Select... Secondary (high school) or less One- or two-year diploma or certificate Degree, diploma or certificate of three years or longer OR a Master’s, professional or doctoral degree of at least one academic year 5) Official languages: Canada's official languages are English and French. You need to submit language test results that are less than two years old for all programs under Express Entry, even if English or French is your first language. i. Are your test results less than two years old? Select... No Yes ii. Which language test did you take for your first official language? Select... CELPIP-G IELTS TEF Canada TCF Canada Enter your test scores: Speaking: Select... Listening: Select... Reading: Select... Writing: Select... iii. Do you have other language results? If so, which language test did you take for your second official language? Test results must be less than two years old. Select... Enter your test scores for: Speaking: Select... Listening: Select... Reading: Select... Writing: Select... 6) Work Experience i. In the last ten years, how many years of skilled work experience in Canada do you have? It must have been paid and full-time (or an equal amount in part-time). Note: In Canada, the National Occupational Classification (NOC) is the official list of all the jobs in the Canadian labour market. It describes each job according to the training, education, experience and responsibilities (TEER) needed to work in the job. "Skilled work" in the NOC is TEER 0, 1, 2 or 3 category jobs: If you aren’t sure of the NOC TEER category for this job, you can find your NOC. Select... None or less than a year 1 year 2 years 3 years 4 years 5 years or more ii. In the last 10 years, how many total years of foreign skilled work experience do you have? It must have been paid, full-time (or an equal amount in part-time), and in only one occupation (NOC TEER category 0, 1, 2 or 3). Select... None or less than a year 1 year 2 years 3 years or more 7) Do you have a certificate of qualification from a Canadian province, territory or federal body? Note: A certificate of qualification lets people work in some skilled trades in Canada. Only the provinces, territories and a federal body can issue these certificates. To get one, a person must have them assess their training, trade experience and skills to and then pass a certification exam. People usually have to go to the province or territory to be assessed. They may also need experience and training from an employer in Canada. This isn’t the same as a nomination from a province or territory. Select... No Yes Additional Points 8) Do you have a valid job offer supported by a Labour Market Impact Assessment (if needed)? A valid job offer must be full-time in a skilled job listed as TEER 0, 1, 2 or 3 in the 2021 National Occupational Classification supported by a Labour Market Impact Assessment (LMIA) or exempt from needing one for one year from the time you become a permanent resident A job offer isn’t valid if your employer is: an embassy, high commission or consulate in Canada or on the list of ineligible employers. Whether an offer is valid or not also depends on different factors, depending on your case. See a full list of criteria for valid job offers. Select... No Yes 8a) Which NOC TEER is the job offer? Find out your job’s TEER if you don’t know. Select... NOC TEER 0 Major group 00 NOC TEER 1, 2 or 3, or any TEER 0 other than Major group 00 NOC TEER 4 or 5 9) Do you have a nomination certificate from a province or territory? Select... No Yes 10) Do you or your spouse or common law partner (if they will come with you to Canada) have at least one brother or sister living in Canada who is a citizen or permanent resident? Note: to answer yes, the brother or sister must be: 18 years old or older related to you or your partner by blood, marriage, common-law partnership or adoption have a parent in common with you or your partner A brother or sister is related to you by: blood (biological) adoption marriage (step-brother or step-sister) Select... No Yes 11) What is the highest level of education for which your spouse or common-law partner's has: earned a Canadian degree, diploma or certificate; or had an Educational Credential Assessment (ECA)? (ECAs must be from an approved agency, in the last five years) To get the correct number of points, make sure you choose the answer that best reflects your case. For example: If you have TWO Bachelor’s degrees, or one Bachelor’s AND a two year college diploma, choose – “Two or more certificates, diplomas, or degrees. One must be for a program of three or more years.” Select... None, or less than secondary (high school) Secondary diploma (high school graduation) One-year program at a university, college, trade or technical school, or other institute Two-year program at a university, college, trade or technical school, or other institute Bachelor's degree (three or more year program at a university, college, trade or technical school, or other institute) Two or more certificates, diplomas or degrees. One must be for a program of three or more years Master's degree, or professional degree needed to practice in a licensed profession Doctoral level university degree (PhD) 12) In the last ten years, how many years of skilled work experience in Canada does your spouse/common-law partner have? It must have been paid, full-time (or an equal amount in part-time), and in one or more NOC TEER category 0, 1, 2, or 3 jobs. Select... None or less than a year 1 year 2 years 3 years 4 years 5 years or more 13) i) Did your spouse or common-law partner take a language test? If so, which one? Test results must be less than two years old. Select... CELPIP-G IELTS TEF Canada TCF Canada not applicable ii) Enter the test scores for: Speaking: Select... Listening: Select... Reading: Select... Writing: Select... Calculate your score Your results All Express Entry candidates get a score out of 1,200, based on the four parts of the Comprehensive Ranking System formula. We invite the highest-ranking candidates from the pool to apply as a permanent resident through regular “rounds of invitations.” See what minimum scores have been in the past. Report a problem or mistake on this page Date modified: 2023-08-09 About this site Immigration and citizenship Help Centre Contact us Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacyhttps://ircc.canada.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/crs-tool.asp#wb-info Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) tool: skilled immigrants (Express Entry) Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search IRCC Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Immigration and citizenship Immigrate to Canada Immigrate through Express Entry Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) tool: skilled immigrants (Express Entry) Legal Disclaimer: This tool is intended solely for general guidance and reference purposes. In the event of any discrepancy between the results of this questionnaire and that provided by the Express Entry electronic system, the results provided by the system shall govern, in accordance with provisions of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act, the Immigration and Refugee Protection Regulations, and Minister's Instructions issued under IRPA s.10.3. This tool will be updated from time to time in accordance with changes to the Ministerial Instructions governing Express Entry. This tool will help you calculate your Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) score based on the answers you provide below. The CRS is a points-based system that we use to assess and score your profile and rank it in the Express Entry pool. It’s used to assess your: skills education language ability work experience other factors Use this tool if you’re eligible for at least 1 Express Entry program and you have not filled out an Express Entry profile but you’d like to see what your Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) score might be if you do or you were invited to apply for permanent residence, and want to see if a change to your profile may affect your CRS score To get an invitation to apply, your CRS score must be above the minimum points score of your round of invitations (cut-off scores may vary each round). 1) What is your marital status? Select... Annulled Marriage Common-Law Divorced / Separated Legally Separated Married Never Married / Single Widowed 2) i. Is your spouse or common-law partner a citizen or permanent resident of Canada? Select... No Yes 2) ii. Will your spouse or common-law partner come with you to Canada? Select... No Yes 3) How old are you? Choose the best answer: If you’ve been invited to apply, enter your age on the date you were invited. OR If you plan to complete an Express Entry profile, enter your current age. Select... 4) What is your level of education? Enter the highest level of education for which you: earned a Canadian degree, diploma or certificate or had an Educational Credential Assessment (ECA) if you did your study outside Canada. (ECAs must be from an approved agency, in the last five years) Note: a Canadian degree, diploma or certificate must either have been earned at an accredited Canadian university, college, trade or technical school, or other institute in Canada. Distance learning counts for education points, but not for bonus points in your profile or application. Select... 4b) Have you earned a Canadian degree, diploma or certificate? Note: to answer yes: English or French as a Second Language must not have made up more than half your study you must not have studied under an award that required you to return to your home country after graduation to apply your skills and knowledge you must have studied at a school within Canada (foreign campuses don’t count) you had to be enrolled full time for at least eight months, unless you completed the study or training program (in whole or in part) between March 2020 and August 2022 you had to have been physically present in Canada for at least eight months, unless you completed the study or training program (in whole or in part) between March 2020 and August 2022 Select... No Yes 4c) Choose the best answer to describe this level of education. Select... Secondary (high school) or less One- or two-year diploma or certificate Degree, diploma or certificate of three years or longer OR a Master’s, professional or doctoral degree of at least one academic year 5) Official languages: Canada's official languages are English and French. You need to submit language test results that are less than two years old for all programs under Express Entry, even if English or French is your first language. i. Are your test results less than two years old? Select... No Yes ii. Which language test did you take for your first official language? Select... CELPIP-G IELTS TEF Canada TCF Canada Enter your test scores: Speaking: Select... Listening: Select... Reading: Select... Writing: Select... iii. Do you have other language results? If so, which language test did you take for your second official language? Test results must be less than two years old. Select... Enter your test scores for: Speaking: Select... Listening: Select... Reading: Select... Writing: Select... 6) Work Experience i. In the last ten years, how many years of skilled work experience in Canada do you have? It must have been paid and full-time (or an equal amount in part-time). Note: In Canada, the National Occupational Classification (NOC) is the official list of all the jobs in the Canadian labour market. It describes each job according to the training, education, experience and responsibilities (TEER) needed to work in the job. "Skilled work" in the NOC is TEER 0, 1, 2 or 3 category jobs: If you aren’t sure of the NOC TEER category for this job, you can find your NOC. Select... None or less than a year 1 year 2 years 3 years 4 years 5 years or more ii. In the last 10 years, how many total years of foreign skilled work experience do you have? It must have been paid, full-time (or an equal amount in part-time), and in only one occupation (NOC TEER category 0, 1, 2 or 3). Select... None or less than a year 1 year 2 years 3 years or more 7) Do you have a certificate of qualification from a Canadian province, territory or federal body? Note: A certificate of qualification lets people work in some skilled trades in Canada. Only the provinces, territories and a federal body can issue these certificates. To get one, a person must have them assess their training, trade experience and skills to and then pass a certification exam. People usually have to go to the province or territory to be assessed. They may also need experience and training from an employer in Canada. This isn’t the same as a nomination from a province or territory. Select... No Yes Additional Points 8) Do you have a valid job offer supported by a Labour Market Impact Assessment (if needed)? A valid job offer must be full-time in a skilled job listed as TEER 0, 1, 2 or 3 in the 2021 National Occupational Classification supported by a Labour Market Impact Assessment (LMIA) or exempt from needing one for one year from the time you become a permanent resident A job offer isn’t valid if your employer is: an embassy, high commission or consulate in Canada or on the list of ineligible employers. Whether an offer is valid or not also depends on different factors, depending on your case. See a full list of criteria for valid job offers. Select... No Yes 8a) Which NOC TEER is the job offer? Find out your job’s TEER if you don’t know. Select... NOC TEER 0 Major group 00 NOC TEER 1, 2 or 3, or any TEER 0 other than Major group 00 NOC TEER 4 or 5 9) Do you have a nomination certificate from a province or territory? Select... No Yes 10) Do you or your spouse or common law partner (if they will come with you to Canada) have at least one brother or sister living in Canada who is a citizen or permanent resident? Note: to answer yes, the brother or sister must be: 18 years old or older related to you or your partner by blood, marriage, common-law partnership or adoption have a parent in common with you or your partner A brother or sister is related to you by: blood (biological) adoption marriage (step-brother or step-sister) Select... No Yes 11) What is the highest level of education for which your spouse or common-law partner's has: earned a Canadian degree, diploma or certificate; or had an Educational Credential Assessment (ECA)? (ECAs must be from an approved agency, in the last five years) To get the correct number of points, make sure you choose the answer that best reflects your case. For example: If you have TWO Bachelor’s degrees, or one Bachelor’s AND a two year college diploma, choose – “Two or more certificates, diplomas, or degrees. One must be for a program of three or more years.” Select... None, or less than secondary (high school) Secondary diploma (high school graduation) One-year program at a university, college, trade or technical school, or other institute Two-year program at a university, college, trade or technical school, or other institute Bachelor's degree (three or more year program at a university, college, trade or technical school, or other institute) Two or more certificates, diplomas or degrees. One must be for a program of three or more years Master's degree, or professional degree needed to practice in a licensed profession Doctoral level university degree (PhD) 12) In the last ten years, how many years of skilled work experience in Canada does your spouse/common-law partner have? It must have been paid, full-time (or an equal amount in part-time), and in one or more NOC TEER category 0, 1, 2, or 3 jobs. Select... None or less than a year 1 year 2 years 3 years 4 years 5 years or more 13) i) Did your spouse or common-law partner take a language test? If so, which one? Test results must be less than two years old. Select... CELPIP-G IELTS TEF Canada TCF Canada not applicable ii) Enter the test scores for: Speaking: Select... Listening: Select... Reading: Select... Writing: Select... Calculate your score Your results All Express Entry candidates get a score out of 1,200, based on the four parts of the Comprehensive Ranking System formula. We invite the highest-ranking candidates from the pool to apply as a permanent resident through regular “rounds of invitations.” See what minimum scores have been in the past. Report a problem or mistake on this page Date modified: 2023-08-09 About this site Immigration and citizenship Help Centre Contact us Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacyhttps://ircc.canada.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/crs-tool.asp Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) tool: skilled immigrants (Express Entry) Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search IRCC Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Immigration and citizenship Immigrate to Canada Immigrate through Express Entry Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) tool: skilled immigrants (Express Entry) Legal Disclaimer: This tool is intended solely for general guidance and reference purposes. In the event of any discrepancy between the results of this questionnaire and that provided by the Express Entry electronic system, the results provided by the system shall govern, in accordance with provisions of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act, the Immigration and Refugee Protection Regulations, and Minister's Instructions issued under IRPA s.10.3. This tool will be updated from time to time in accordance with changes to the Ministerial Instructions governing Express Entry. This tool will help you calculate your Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) score based on the answers you provide below. The CRS is a points-based system that we use to assess and score your profile and rank it in the Express Entry pool. It’s used to assess your: skills education language ability work experience other factors Use this tool if you’re eligible for at least 1 Express Entry program and you have not filled out an Express Entry profile but you’d like to see what your Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) score might be if you do or you were invited to apply for permanent residence, and want to see if a change to your profile may affect your CRS score To get an invitation to apply, your CRS score must be above the minimum points score of your round of invitations (cut-off scores may vary each round). 1) What is your marital status? Select... Annulled Marriage Common-Law Divorced / Separated Legally Separated Married Never Married / Single Widowed 2) i. Is your spouse or common-law partner a citizen or permanent resident of Canada? Select... No Yes 2) ii. Will your spouse or common-law partner come with you to Canada? Select... No Yes 3) How old are you? Choose the best answer: If you’ve been invited to apply, enter your age on the date you were invited. OR If you plan to complete an Express Entry profile, enter your current age. Select... 4) What is your level of education? Enter the highest level of education for which you: earned a Canadian degree, diploma or certificate or had an Educational Credential Assessment (ECA) if you did your study outside Canada. (ECAs must be from an approved agency, in the last five years) Note: a Canadian degree, diploma or certificate must either have been earned at an accredited Canadian university, college, trade or technical school, or other institute in Canada. Distance learning counts for education points, but not for bonus points in your profile or application. Select... 4b) Have you earned a Canadian degree, diploma or certificate? Note: to answer yes: English or French as a Second Language must not have made up more than half your study you must not have studied under an award that required you to return to your home country after graduation to apply your skills and knowledge you must have studied at a school within Canada (foreign campuses don’t count) you had to be enrolled full time for at least eight months, unless you completed the study or training program (in whole or in part) between March 2020 and August 2022 you had to have been physically present in Canada for at least eight months, unless you completed the study or training program (in whole or in part) between March 2020 and August 2022 Select... No Yes 4c) Choose the best answer to describe this level of education. Select... Secondary (high school) or less One- or two-year diploma or certificate Degree, diploma or certificate of three years or longer OR a Master’s, professional or doctoral degree of at least one academic year 5) Official languages: Canada's official languages are English and French. You need to submit language test results that are less than two years old for all programs under Express Entry, even if English or French is your first language. i. Are your test results less than two years old? Select... No Yes ii. Which language test did you take for your first official language? Select... CELPIP-G IELTS TEF Canada TCF Canada Enter your test scores: Speaking: Select... Listening: Select... Reading: Select... Writing: Select... iii. Do you have other language results? If so, which language test did you take for your second official language? Test results must be less than two years old. Select... Enter your test scores for: Speaking: Select... Listening: Select... Reading: Select... Writing: Select... 6) Work Experience i. In the last ten years, how many years of skilled work experience in Canada do you have? It must have been paid and full-time (or an equal amount in part-time). Note: In Canada, the National Occupational Classification (NOC) is the official list of all the jobs in the Canadian labour market. It describes each job according to the training, education, experience and responsibilities (TEER) needed to work in the job. "Skilled work" in the NOC is TEER 0, 1, 2 or 3 category jobs: If you aren’t sure of the NOC TEER category for this job, you can find your NOC. Select... None or less than a year 1 year 2 years 3 years 4 years 5 years or more ii. In the last 10 years, how many total years of foreign skilled work experience do you have? It must have been paid, full-time (or an equal amount in part-time), and in only one occupation (NOC TEER category 0, 1, 2 or 3). Select... None or less than a year 1 year 2 years 3 years or more 7) Do you have a certificate of qualification from a Canadian province, territory or federal body? Note: A certificate of qualification lets people work in some skilled trades in Canada. Only the provinces, territories and a federal body can issue these certificates. To get one, a person must have them assess their training, trade experience and skills to and then pass a certification exam. People usually have to go to the province or territory to be assessed. They may also need experience and training from an employer in Canada. This isn’t the same as a nomination from a province or territory. Select... No Yes Additional Points 8) Do you have a valid job offer supported by a Labour Market Impact Assessment (if needed)? A valid job offer must be full-time in a skilled job listed as TEER 0, 1, 2 or 3 in the 2021 National Occupational Classification supported by a Labour Market Impact Assessment (LMIA) or exempt from needing one for one year from the time you become a permanent resident A job offer isn’t valid if your employer is: an embassy, high commission or consulate in Canada or on the list of ineligible employers. Whether an offer is valid or not also depends on different factors, depending on your case. See a full list of criteria for valid job offers. Select... No Yes 8a) Which NOC TEER is the job offer? Find out your job’s TEER if you don’t know. Select... NOC TEER 0 Major group 00 NOC TEER 1, 2 or 3, or any TEER 0 other than Major group 00 NOC TEER 4 or 5 9) Do you have a nomination certificate from a province or territory? Select... No Yes 10) Do you or your spouse or common law partner (if they will come with you to Canada) have at least one brother or sister living in Canada who is a citizen or permanent resident? Note: to answer yes, the brother or sister must be: 18 years old or older related to you or your partner by blood, marriage, common-law partnership or adoption have a parent in common with you or your partner A brother or sister is related to you by: blood (biological) adoption marriage (step-brother or step-sister) Select... No Yes 11) What is the highest level of education for which your spouse or common-law partner's has: earned a Canadian degree, diploma or certificate; or had an Educational Credential Assessment (ECA)? (ECAs must be from an approved agency, in the last five years) To get the correct number of points, make sure you choose the answer that best reflects your case. For example: If you have TWO Bachelor’s degrees, or one Bachelor’s AND a two year college diploma, choose – “Two or more certificates, diplomas, or degrees. One must be for a program of three or more years.” Select... None, or less than secondary (high school) Secondary diploma (high school graduation) One-year program at a university, college, trade or technical school, or other institute Two-year program at a university, college, trade or technical school, or other institute Bachelor's degree (three or more year program at a university, college, trade or technical school, or other institute) Two or more certificates, diplomas or degrees. One must be for a program of three or more years Master's degree, or professional degree needed to practice in a licensed profession Doctoral level university degree (PhD) 12) In the last ten years, how many years of skilled work experience in Canada does your spouse/common-law partner have? It must have been paid, full-time (or an equal amount in part-time), and in one or more NOC TEER category 0, 1, 2, or 3 jobs. Select... None or less than a year 1 year 2 years 3 years 4 years 5 years or more 13) i) Did your spouse or common-law partner take a language test? If so, which one? Test results must be less than two years old. Select... CELPIP-G IELTS TEF Canada TCF Canada not applicable ii) Enter the test scores for: Speaking: Select... Listening: Select... Reading: Select... Writing: Select... Calculate your score Your results All Express Entry candidates get a score out of 1,200, based on the four parts of the Comprehensive Ranking System formula. We invite the highest-ranking candidates from the pool to apply as a permanent resident through regular “rounds of invitations.” See what minimum scores have been in the past. Report a problem or mistake on this page Date modified: 2023-08-09 About this site Immigration and citizenship Help Centre Contact us Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy