https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/come-canada-tool.html Do you want to come to Canada, or extend your stay? - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Immigration and citizenship Do you want to come to Canada, or extend your stay? Need help? Find out if you are eligible to apply Do you want to work, study, visit, travel through or live permanently in Canada? Answer a few questions to find out what immigration programs you can apply for. Each immigration program has different application and eligibility requirements. You will need about 10-15 minutes to complete the form. You may be asked questions about your: nationality age language ability family members education work experience income and/or net worth details on any job offer Based on your answers, we will tell you what programs you may be eligible for, so be as accurate as you can. If you are eligible, we will give you a detailed list of instructions on what to do next. Check your eligibility Important: This information is for reference only and no immigration decision will be made based on your answers. If you choose to apply, your application will be considered by an immigration officer in accordance with the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act, without regard to any outcome you attain through this questionnaire. Read the full notice. Page details Date modified: 2023-01-04 About this site Immigration and citizenship Help Centre Contact us Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy