https://future.uwindsor.ca/english-language-improvement-program?elqTrackId=c48d99ec63684a11ae178074bc9c345c&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId= English Language Improvement Program - UWindsor The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. Learn More. Future Students Home Close 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate & Diploma Programs Continuing Education Transfer Students International Students Indigenous Students Tuition / Fee Estimator Student Support Services Residence & Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Experiential Learning & Co-op New - High School Students Resource Centre 2. Connect Events, Webinars & Chat Request Program Information Request Materials Meet our Recruitment Team Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Meet our Student Ambassadors 3. Visit In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour Student Experience 4. Apply Undergraduate International Graduate Education Law Continuing Education English Pathway Program Transfer Student Mature Student Part-time Student 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map In-Person Campus Tour Helpful Links Important Dates Live Chat Ask.UWindsor In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour For Educators Back to Top Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students English Language Improvement Program (ELIP) Improve Skills for Study, Work, and Life Register Now Attend a Webinar About ELIP UWindsor's English Language Pathway Start with the ELIP pathway to meet UWindsor's English language proficiency requirements for undergraduate and graduate study. ELIP level 3 completion (75%) meets English language requirements 3 program start options: Fall, Winter, Summer Four levels of intensive academic English Each ELIP level is 20 hrs/week for 12 weeks ELIP level start is based on demonstrated proficiency In-person and online learning options On-campus work eligibility Access to UWindsor Campus Facilities Engage in extracurricular and intercultural communication Build wellness know-how Lessons in data literacy, analysis and management (ELIP 3 only) Note: You must obtain a study permit for both academic and ELIP programs. Please visit the Government of Canada website for details. Register Now About ELIP Attend an ELIP Webinar for Undergraduate & Graduate Students ELIP Webinar for Undergraduate & Graduate Students: Friday, April 14, 2023 @ 9:00 am (EST) ELIP Webinar for Undergraduate & Graduate Students: Friday, May 12, 2023 @ 9:00 am (EST) ELIP Webinar for Undergraduate & Graduate Students: Friday, June 9, 2023 @ 9:00 am (EST) ELIP Webinar for Undergraduate & Graduate Students: Friday, July 14, 2023 @ 9:00 am (EST) ELIP Webinar for Undergraduate & Graduate Students: Friday, August 18, 2023 @ 9:00 am (EST) Attend an ELIP Sampler ELIP Sampler: Wednesday, April 26, 2023 @ 10:00 pm (EST) ELIP Sampler: Wednesday, May 24, 2023 @ 11:00 am (EST) Book a Virtual Meeting with an ELIP Representative Email the Centre for English Language Development Important Dates Key Features Academic English Communicate skilfully Analyse information Evaluate issues Write persuasively Sample Topics Education Business International Relations Psychology Urban Planning Environmental Studies Health Sciences Academic Skills Navigate research portals/ online platforms Facilitate group interactions Lead conversations Offer constructive feedback Integrate into academics Work Prep Eligible to work on campus Student recognition opportunities to build portfolio Collaborate with peers Manage tasks Wellness Support Social/interpersonal development Intercultural communication Mental and emotional health About ELIP Frequently Asked Questions About ELIP ELIP focuses on developing English language and academic skills to meet the University of Windsor English proficiency requirements. What are the ELIP learning outcomes? Upon completing ELIP level 3, you will have developed English language skills to: Understand and analyze a variety of texts Evaluate significant issues to persuasively write on academic topics Understand extended spoken information and critically evaluate points to use in argumentation Convey precise meaning in oral and written communication Strategically use a range of academic skills When is ELIP offered? ELIP is offered throughout an academic year. There are 3 intakes: Winter (January – April), Intersession (May – August) and Fall (September – December). How long is each ELIP term? Each ELIP term is 12 weeks. In-class instruction is 4 hours per day; totalling, 20 hours per week. How long will it take me to complete ELIP? The length of time to complete ELIP depends on the ELIP level at which you start. If you have an overall IELTS and writing band score of - 5.0 5.0 5.5 6.0 + Begin your academic program You will begin in level Pre-Academic English → ELIP 1 → ELIP 2 → ELIP 3 → # of Elip terms you will need to complete before academic start Five / Four Three Two One Should I register to attend ELIP online or in class? Both options are available to all students in and outside of Canada. ELIP online is a good option if students are unable to travel to Canada for the registered term. Students residing in Canada can choose between ELIP online and in-class options. Admission to ELIP How do I get an acceptance letter for ELIP? You will receive an ELIP acceptance letter by completing the online application form and paying the $150 registration fee. Once your application is received, you will receive a confirmation email. How long will it take to get my ELIP acceptance letter? If you have already applied to your academic program, it will typically take 2-3 business days to receive your ELIP acceptance letter. I have been admitted to an academic program, but I don't meet the English requirement. Can I take ELIP to meet the requirement? Yes. ELIP meets the English requirement for admission to your undergraduate or graduate academic program at the University of Windsor. When you successfully complete ELIP level 3, you will have met the English requirement. I haven't applied to an academic program. If I take ELIP, can I go into an academic program? You must apply for your academic program and meet all other admission requirements to gain admission. When you successfully complete ELIP level 3, you will have met the English requirement for your academic program. Enrolling in ELIP alone does not guarantee that you will be admitted to an academic program. Should I apply for ELIP or my academic program first? Most students apply for their academic program first. If you have questions about conditional offers, please visit ask.UWindsor to request information regarding the academic program you are interested in. I am in Canada holding a tourist Visa. Will I need a Study Permit to take ELIP class? If your ELIP program is going to take longer than 6 months to complete, you are required to have a valid Study Permit while in Canada. ELIP Levels What ELIP level will I be in? We may be able to determine your ELIP level based on a valid English language test score, such as a CAEL, IELTS, PTE, or TOEFL test. However, you may be required to write our placement test at the beginning of the term to determine your ELIP level. The ELIP placement test takes precedence over any other test score. Is my English language test score still valid for ELIP placement? Test scores attained 12 months prior to the date of application is considered valid. If the submitted test score has passed the 12-month limit, you will be required to take an online placement test. My academic offer states that I need to complete ELIP 3. Does this mean I can start in ELIP level 3? No. There are different levels in ELIP. After applying, you will be placed in a level that is appropriate for your English language profile. Your ELIP level will be confirmed after your application is processed. ELIP Fees ELIP Fees (CDN) Registration Fee Program Fee Health Insurance ELIP 12 Week $150 $4,920 $250 ELIP Fast Track $150 $5,400 $150 Please note the new program fee for students entering ELIP beyond Winter 2024. Registration Fee Program Fee Health Insurance ELIP 12 Week $150 $4,000 $250 ELIP Fast Track $150 $4,500 $150 What are the fees for ELIP? ELIP fees per term include: Registration fee - $150.00 Program tuition fee - $4,920.00 *Health insurance fee - $250.00 Total - $5,320.00 *Health Insurance fee is applicable to international students studying within Canada. When are ELIP fees due? Please review your ELIP Invoice for the due date of fees. How do I pay my ELIP fees? Pay by credit card by logging into your online application. Make a payment to your student account using the CIBC International Student Pay. You will need your 9-digit Student ID. After making a payment, please notify studyenglish@uwindsor.ca. Pay in person at either CELD campus by credit card, debit card, or bank draft made payable to the University of Windsor. I have already transferred funds to my student account. Can I use those funds to pay for ELIP? Yes. The funds in your student account can be used to pay ELIP fees. Please notify studyenglish@uwindsor.ca that you would like to do so. I made a deposit for my academic program. Do I still need to pay for ELIP? Yes. ELIP fees are separate from academic fees. Are there scholarships for ELIP? Currently, ELIP is not covered by scholarships offered at UWindsor. Students are free to explore external scholarship opportunities. ELIP 3 Fast Track What is ELIP 3 Fast Track? ELIP 3 is a condensed, 8-week program of the ELIP 3 level. It is more fast-paced and intense than ELIP 3. When is ELIP 3 Fast Track offered? ELIP 3 Fast Track is offered in every Summer (July – August) and Fall (October – December) terms. What are the fees for ELIP 3 Fast Track? ELIP fees per term include: Registration fee - $150.00 Program tuition fee - $5,000.00 *Health insurance fee - $150.00 Total - $5,300.00 *Health Insurance fee is applicable to international students studying within Canada. Do I qualify for ELIP 3 Fast Track? Please contact studyenglish@uwindsor.ca to confirm your eligibility before applying for this program. Online Learning How is ELIP offered online? ELIP is offered on Brightspace. How do I access Brightspace? Once ELIP fees have been paid, you will receive instructions for activating the necessary accounts that will allow you access to Brightspace. Do I need a VPN to access Brightspace? The University of Windsor offers the VPN called Global Protect and it is available to students. The link below will guide you to installing the tool. Using this will allow your computer to act as though it is physically on campus. We recommend all ELIP students do this. https://www.uwindsor.ca/itservices/talks/installing-globalprotect-vpn I am taking ELIP through online class from outside of Canada. Do I need a valid Study Permit? You do not need a Study Permit to take ELIP online class from outside of Canada. A valid Study Permit is required for international students taking ELIP online class in Canada. Can I travel to Canada for ELIP class? To prepare your trip to Canada, please visit International Arrivals New & Returning International Student Centre is offering the Soft Landing Program to help incoming International Students prepare for their move to Canada, get settled in Windsor and begin their new life at the University of Windsor. For more information and details please visit: https://www.uwindsor.ca/international-student-centre/229/softlanding I am an international student living in Canada. Do I need a valid Study Permit to ELIP through online class? Yes, you need a valid Study Permit to take ELIP online class in Canada. What are the benefits of studying online? Comfort of learning from home Improving virtual communication and collaboration Reduced costs for travel and accommodation Developing technical and time management skill Save on commuting time In-Class Learning I am living in Windsor. Am I required to join ELIP in class? No, you are not required but encouraged to join in-class learning. It's a great opportunity to learn face-to-face with instructors and peers. What are the benefits of studying in class? Face-to-face communication with instructors and peers Distraction-free learning environment and a sense of routine In-person access to services and facilities on campus Exploring the campus community and local culture English-speaking environment beyond classroom Work On/Off Campus Can I work in Canada while studying in ELIP? ELIP students are only eligible to work on campus. Do I need a work permit to work on campus? You may work on the UWindsor campus without a work permit if: Face-to-face communication with instructors and peers Distraction-free learning environment and a sense of routine In-person access to services and facilities on campus Exploring the campus community and local culture English-speaking environment beyond classroom How many hours am I allowed to work on campus? The maximum number of hours a student can work on campus is set by the University and is up to 24 hours per week. Can I work off campus after completing ELIP? Once your ELIP program is complete and you are enrolled into your academic program you may be eligible to work off campus, should you meet these requirements. For questions related to working please contact an International Student Advisor at intladvisors@uwindsor.ca What ELIP Students are saying ELIP was a smart decision as it helped me gain both the required knowledge and skill set for my research work, which I had been looking for a long time. Syed Ali Nasir Zaidi Syed has completed his Master of Education (curriculum studies). His dream is to be a part of any Canadian policy-making institution. ELIP helped me lay the foundation of foreign language communication and present as the first beacon which lights up the road ahead of my academic career. Yue Gou Yue attained a Master’s degree in Medical Biotechnology and is a student of the Master of Science program. ELIP provides me with a wealth of opportunities to communicate with students from different countries. In addition, ELIP greatly eliminates my fear about the unknown future study and life in Windsor. Jin Liang Jin is a student of the Master of Engineering program. Mission, Vision and Values Mission Facilitate UWindsor English for academic pathway learners’ ability to fulfil their potential in study, work, and life Vision Prioritize the highest standards of teaching in equipping learners with essential English language skills, professional aptitudes, and wellness knowledge to thrive in a transitioning world Values Excellence: Proven learning outcomes to advance skill development Diversity: Representation of diverse voices in all aspects of program delivery Integrity: Equitable practices to promote outstanding learner experiences Close Land Acknowledgment The University of Windsor sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, which includes the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. We respect the longstanding relationships with First Nations people in this place in the 100-mile Windsor-Essex peninsula and the straits – les détroits – of Detroit. Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor Mobile Apps Terms & Conditions Contest Rules Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Studentshttps://future.uwindsor.ca/english-language-improvement-program?elqTrackId=a6b38a44732645abb15af680d3625d75&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId= English Language Improvement Program - UWindsor The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. Learn More. Future Students Home Close 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate & Diploma Programs Continuing Education Transfer Students International Students Indigenous Students Tuition / Fee Estimator Student Support Services Residence & Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Experiential Learning & Co-op New - High School Students Resource Centre 2. Connect Events, Webinars & Chat Request Program Information Request Materials Meet our Recruitment Team Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Meet our Student Ambassadors 3. Visit In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour Student Experience 4. Apply Undergraduate International Graduate Education Law Continuing Education English Pathway Program Transfer Student Mature Student Part-time Student 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map In-Person Campus Tour Helpful Links Important Dates Live Chat Ask.UWindsor In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour For Educators Back to Top Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students English Language Improvement Program (ELIP) Improve Skills for Study, Work, and Life Register Now Attend a Webinar About ELIP UWindsor's English Language Pathway Start with the ELIP pathway to meet UWindsor's English language proficiency requirements for undergraduate and graduate study. ELIP level 3 completion (75%) meets English language requirements 3 program start options: Fall, Winter, Summer Four levels of intensive academic English Each ELIP level is 20 hrs/week for 12 weeks ELIP level start is based on demonstrated proficiency In-person and online learning options On-campus work eligibility Access to UWindsor Campus Facilities Engage in extracurricular and intercultural communication Build wellness know-how Lessons in data literacy, analysis and management (ELIP 3 only) Note: You must obtain a study permit for both academic and ELIP programs. Please visit the Government of Canada website for details. Register Now About ELIP Attend an ELIP Webinar for Undergraduate & Graduate Students ELIP Webinar for Undergraduate & Graduate Students: Friday, April 14, 2023 @ 9:00 am (EST) ELIP Webinar for Undergraduate & Graduate Students: Friday, May 12, 2023 @ 9:00 am (EST) ELIP Webinar for Undergraduate & Graduate Students: Friday, June 9, 2023 @ 9:00 am (EST) ELIP Webinar for Undergraduate & Graduate Students: Friday, July 14, 2023 @ 9:00 am (EST) ELIP Webinar for Undergraduate & Graduate Students: Friday, August 18, 2023 @ 9:00 am (EST) Attend an ELIP Sampler ELIP Sampler: Wednesday, April 26, 2023 @ 10:00 pm (EST) ELIP Sampler: Wednesday, May 24, 2023 @ 11:00 am (EST) Book a Virtual Meeting with an ELIP Representative Email the Centre for English Language Development Important Dates Key Features Academic English Communicate skilfully Analyse information Evaluate issues Write persuasively Sample Topics Education Business International Relations Psychology Urban Planning Environmental Studies Health Sciences Academic Skills Navigate research portals/ online platforms Facilitate group interactions Lead conversations Offer constructive feedback Integrate into academics Work Prep Eligible to work on campus Student recognition opportunities to build portfolio Collaborate with peers Manage tasks Wellness Support Social/interpersonal development Intercultural communication Mental and emotional health About ELIP Frequently Asked Questions About ELIP ELIP focuses on developing English language and academic skills to meet the University of Windsor English proficiency requirements. What are the ELIP learning outcomes? Upon completing ELIP level 3, you will have developed English language skills to: Understand and analyze a variety of texts Evaluate significant issues to persuasively write on academic topics Understand extended spoken information and critically evaluate points to use in argumentation Convey precise meaning in oral and written communication Strategically use a range of academic skills When is ELIP offered? ELIP is offered throughout an academic year. There are 3 intakes: Winter (January – April), Intersession (May – August) and Fall (September – December). How long is each ELIP term? Each ELIP term is 12 weeks. In-class instruction is 4 hours per day; totalling, 20 hours per week. How long will it take me to complete ELIP? The length of time to complete ELIP depends on the ELIP level at which you start. If you have an overall IELTS and writing band score of - 5.0 5.0 5.5 6.0 + Begin your academic program You will begin in level Pre-Academic English → ELIP 1 → ELIP 2 → ELIP 3 → # of Elip terms you will need to complete before academic start Five / Four Three Two One Should I register to attend ELIP online or in class? Both options are available to all students in and outside of Canada. ELIP online is a good option if students are unable to travel to Canada for the registered term. Students residing in Canada can choose between ELIP online and in-class options. Admission to ELIP How do I get an acceptance letter for ELIP? You will receive an ELIP acceptance letter by completing the online application form and paying the $150 registration fee. Once your application is received, you will receive a confirmation email. How long will it take to get my ELIP acceptance letter? If you have already applied to your academic program, it will typically take 2-3 business days to receive your ELIP acceptance letter. I have been admitted to an academic program, but I don't meet the English requirement. Can I take ELIP to meet the requirement? Yes. ELIP meets the English requirement for admission to your undergraduate or graduate academic program at the University of Windsor. When you successfully complete ELIP level 3, you will have met the English requirement. I haven't applied to an academic program. If I take ELIP, can I go into an academic program? You must apply for your academic program and meet all other admission requirements to gain admission. When you successfully complete ELIP level 3, you will have met the English requirement for your academic program. Enrolling in ELIP alone does not guarantee that you will be admitted to an academic program. Should I apply for ELIP or my academic program first? Most students apply for their academic program first. If you have questions about conditional offers, please visit ask.UWindsor to request information regarding the academic program you are interested in. I am in Canada holding a tourist Visa. Will I need a Study Permit to take ELIP class? If your ELIP program is going to take longer than 6 months to complete, you are required to have a valid Study Permit while in Canada. ELIP Levels What ELIP level will I be in? We may be able to determine your ELIP level based on a valid English language test score, such as a CAEL, IELTS, PTE, or TOEFL test. However, you may be required to write our placement test at the beginning of the term to determine your ELIP level. The ELIP placement test takes precedence over any other test score. Is my English language test score still valid for ELIP placement? Test scores attained 12 months prior to the date of application is considered valid. If the submitted test score has passed the 12-month limit, you will be required to take an online placement test. My academic offer states that I need to complete ELIP 3. Does this mean I can start in ELIP level 3? No. There are different levels in ELIP. After applying, you will be placed in a level that is appropriate for your English language profile. Your ELIP level will be confirmed after your application is processed. ELIP Fees ELIP Fees (CDN) Registration Fee Program Fee Health Insurance ELIP 12 Week $150 $4,920 $250 ELIP Fast Track $150 $5,400 $150 Please note the new program fee for students entering ELIP beyond Winter 2024. Registration Fee Program Fee Health Insurance ELIP 12 Week $150 $4,000 $250 ELIP Fast Track $150 $4,500 $150 What are the fees for ELIP? ELIP fees per term include: Registration fee - $150.00 Program tuition fee - $4,920.00 *Health insurance fee - $250.00 Total - $5,320.00 *Health Insurance fee is applicable to international students studying within Canada. When are ELIP fees due? Please review your ELIP Invoice for the due date of fees. How do I pay my ELIP fees? Pay by credit card by logging into your online application. Make a payment to your student account using the CIBC International Student Pay. You will need your 9-digit Student ID. After making a payment, please notify studyenglish@uwindsor.ca. Pay in person at either CELD campus by credit card, debit card, or bank draft made payable to the University of Windsor. I have already transferred funds to my student account. Can I use those funds to pay for ELIP? Yes. The funds in your student account can be used to pay ELIP fees. Please notify studyenglish@uwindsor.ca that you would like to do so. I made a deposit for my academic program. Do I still need to pay for ELIP? Yes. ELIP fees are separate from academic fees. Are there scholarships for ELIP? Currently, ELIP is not covered by scholarships offered at UWindsor. Students are free to explore external scholarship opportunities. ELIP 3 Fast Track What is ELIP 3 Fast Track? ELIP 3 is a condensed, 8-week program of the ELIP 3 level. It is more fast-paced and intense than ELIP 3. When is ELIP 3 Fast Track offered? ELIP 3 Fast Track is offered in every Summer (July – August) and Fall (October – December) terms. What are the fees for ELIP 3 Fast Track? ELIP fees per term include: Registration fee - $150.00 Program tuition fee - $5,000.00 *Health insurance fee - $150.00 Total - $5,300.00 *Health Insurance fee is applicable to international students studying within Canada. Do I qualify for ELIP 3 Fast Track? Please contact studyenglish@uwindsor.ca to confirm your eligibility before applying for this program. Online Learning How is ELIP offered online? ELIP is offered on Brightspace. How do I access Brightspace? Once ELIP fees have been paid, you will receive instructions for activating the necessary accounts that will allow you access to Brightspace. Do I need a VPN to access Brightspace? The University of Windsor offers the VPN called Global Protect and it is available to students. The link below will guide you to installing the tool. Using this will allow your computer to act as though it is physically on campus. We recommend all ELIP students do this. https://www.uwindsor.ca/itservices/talks/installing-globalprotect-vpn I am taking ELIP through online class from outside of Canada. Do I need a valid Study Permit? You do not need a Study Permit to take ELIP online class from outside of Canada. A valid Study Permit is required for international students taking ELIP online class in Canada. Can I travel to Canada for ELIP class? To prepare your trip to Canada, please visit International Arrivals New & Returning International Student Centre is offering the Soft Landing Program to help incoming International Students prepare for their move to Canada, get settled in Windsor and begin their new life at the University of Windsor. For more information and details please visit: https://www.uwindsor.ca/international-student-centre/229/softlanding I am an international student living in Canada. Do I need a valid Study Permit to ELIP through online class? Yes, you need a valid Study Permit to take ELIP online class in Canada. What are the benefits of studying online? Comfort of learning from home Improving virtual communication and collaboration Reduced costs for travel and accommodation Developing technical and time management skill Save on commuting time In-Class Learning I am living in Windsor. Am I required to join ELIP in class? No, you are not required but encouraged to join in-class learning. It's a great opportunity to learn face-to-face with instructors and peers. What are the benefits of studying in class? Face-to-face communication with instructors and peers Distraction-free learning environment and a sense of routine In-person access to services and facilities on campus Exploring the campus community and local culture English-speaking environment beyond classroom Work On/Off Campus Can I work in Canada while studying in ELIP? ELIP students are only eligible to work on campus. Do I need a work permit to work on campus? You may work on the UWindsor campus without a work permit if: Face-to-face communication with instructors and peers Distraction-free learning environment and a sense of routine In-person access to services and facilities on campus Exploring the campus community and local culture English-speaking environment beyond classroom How many hours am I allowed to work on campus? The maximum number of hours a student can work on campus is set by the University and is up to 24 hours per week. Can I work off campus after completing ELIP? Once your ELIP program is complete and you are enrolled into your academic program you may be eligible to work off campus, should you meet these requirements. For questions related to working please contact an International Student Advisor at intladvisors@uwindsor.ca What ELIP Students are saying ELIP was a smart decision as it helped me gain both the required knowledge and skill set for my research work, which I had been looking for a long time. Syed Ali Nasir Zaidi Syed has completed his Master of Education (curriculum studies). His dream is to be a part of any Canadian policy-making institution. ELIP helped me lay the foundation of foreign language communication and present as the first beacon which lights up the road ahead of my academic career. Yue Gou Yue attained a Master’s degree in Medical Biotechnology and is a student of the Master of Science program. ELIP provides me with a wealth of opportunities to communicate with students from different countries. In addition, ELIP greatly eliminates my fear about the unknown future study and life in Windsor. Jin Liang Jin is a student of the Master of Engineering program. Mission, Vision and Values Mission Facilitate UWindsor English for academic pathway learners’ ability to fulfil their potential in study, work, and life Vision Prioritize the highest standards of teaching in equipping learners with essential English language skills, professional aptitudes, and wellness knowledge to thrive in a transitioning world Values Excellence: Proven learning outcomes to advance skill development Diversity: Representation of diverse voices in all aspects of program delivery Integrity: Equitable practices to promote outstanding learner experiences Close Land Acknowledgment The University of Windsor sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, which includes the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. We respect the longstanding relationships with First Nations people in this place in the 100-mile Windsor-Essex peninsula and the straits – les détroits – of Detroit. Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor Mobile Apps Terms & Conditions Contest Rules Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students