https://www.canada.ca/en/services/environment.html Environment and natural resources - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Environment and natural resources Environment and natural resources Weather, climate change, agriculture, wildlife, energy, natural resources, pollution, environmental protection and fishing. Most requested Local weather forecast Fuel-efficient vehicles Home energy efficiency Prepare for severe weather Download WeatherCAN Services and information Services and information Weather and hazards Current conditions, forecasts, historical data, alerts, natural hazards. Climate change Canada’s action, climate future, partnerships, adaptation, health, science, emissions reporting. Energy Energy-efficient homes and vehicles, green energy, fuel prices in your area. Natural resources Canada’s natural resources, water, forests and mining industry. Agricultural production tools and data Interactive maps, tools, practices and technologies relevant to production in agriculture. Weather, drought, land and water, geospatial products. Environment and sustainability in agriculture Climate change mitigation, farming practices, environmental impacts and indicators. Fisheries Licences, permits and funding programs related to fishing, aquaculture and marine mammal harvest. Wildlife, plants and species Biodiversity, species at risk, aquatic species, migratory birds, wildlife research. Pollution and waste management Find out about ways to track and reduce pollution and waste. Environmental conservation and protection Sustainability, oceans, environmental assessments, protected areas, environmental funding, enforcement. Environment statistics Data, tools and reports providing the latest information on the environment in Canada. Water and the environment Water quantity, freshwater quality, cleaning up our lakes and rivers, water science, sustainability indicators, marine water quality, protecting water. Feature Our environment Resources to take action to fight climate change and protect the environment #BeatPlasticPollution challenge Take the #BeatPlasticPollution challenge and be part of the solution to end plastic pollution. Big or small, every action counts! Page details Date modified: 2023-08-24 About this site Environment and natural resources Our environment Nature-based climate solutions Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy