https://www.canada.ca/en/services/health.html Health - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Health Health information including food, nutrition, diseases, vaccination, drugs, health products, product safety, health and safety, healthy living, Indigenous health, health system, science. Follow: Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Twitter @GovCanHealth @CPHO_Canada LinkedIn Health Canada Public Health Agency of Canada Tab 1:Read the 2023 CPHO annual report Tab 2:Health of People in Canada Dashboard Read the 2023 CPHO annual report Health of People in Canada Dashboard Most requested COVID-19: Symptoms and treatment Canada’s food guide Get help with substance use Working together to improve health care in Canada Services and information Food and nutrition Canada's food guide, labels, nutrition research, recalls and safety standards, healthy eating, supplemented foods. Drug and health products Drugs and medication, licences, natural health products, side effects, recalls and complaints, self-care products. Vaccines and immunization COVID-19, infants, children, adults, pregnancy, travel, vaccine preventable disease, safety, and side effects. Diseases and conditions Symptoms, risks, and how to prevent, treat and manage disease and illness. Health system and services Health cards, healthcare system, funding, and training. Product safety Consumer products and cosmetics, recalls and alerts, chemical safety, pest control products. Healthy living Mental health, being active, substance use, smoking, vaping and tobacco, health and the environment, pregnancy, infant, child and youth health, aging, dental and oral health. Health risks and safety Recalls and alerts, workplace health and safety, public health notices, home safety, biosafety and biosecurity, radiation, violence and abuse, emergency preparedness. Science, research, and data Data, health science and research, determinants of health, monitoring and surveillance, health statistics. Indigenous health Health care services, non-insured health benefits (NIHB), careers, drug and substance use, environmental health, food safety, pregnancy. Features Respiratory infectious diseases Reduce the spread with personal protective measures Vaccines for children Protect your child with routine vaccination Canada Dental Benefit Intended to help lower dental costs for eligible families. Did you find what you were looking for? Yes No If not, tell us why: What was wrong? I can't find the information The information is hard to understand There was an error or something didn't work Other reason Please provide more details You will not receive a reply. Telephone numbers and email addresses will be removed. Maximum 300 characters Submit Thank you for your feedback Page details Date modified: 2023-11-01 About this site Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy