https://www.ontario.ca/page/home-and-community Home and community | ontario.ca Skip to main content Ontario.ca needs JavaScript to function properly and provide you with a fast, stable experience. To have a better experience, you need to: Go to your browser's settings Enable JavaScript Ontario.ca homepage Search Submit Français fr Search Menu close Menu Arts and culture Business and economy COVID-19 Driving and roads Education and training Environment and energy Government Health and wellness Home and community Jobs and employment Law and safety Rural and north Taxes and benefits Travel and recreation Home Home and community Information for families on major life events and care options, including marriage, births and child care. Also includes planning resources for municipalities. Births, deaths, marriages and care Getting married How to get a marriage licence or certificate and how to change your name. Death and bereavement Learn about what to do after a loved one dies. Register a birth Register a baby under the age of 1 and apply for a birth certificate, a social insurance number and Canada child benefits. Birth certificates Get a copy of an Ontario birth certificate online. Licenced child care Search an online directory of licensed child care programs for infants, toddlers and preschoolers. Child benefit Learn about financial support for low-income families with children under 18 years old. Housing Find affordable housing Learn about programs to help you have a safe and affordable place to call home. Find your local Service Manager Find your local service manager to see what housing supports are available in your community. Change your address How to update your Ontario ID cards when you change your home address. Consumer rights Learn about your consumer rights when you buy a home, hire a mover, start a renovation, and more. Condo Guide What to know before you buy a condo, including your rights and responsibilities as a condo owner. Tax credits and benefits Benefit and tax credit programs related to housing. Renting in Ontario Rental rights Learn about your rights as a landlord or tenant in Ontario. Rental housing enforcement unit Learn about what is an offence under the Residential Tenancies Act and how to report one. Standard lease Learn about Ontario’s standard lease. Residential rent increases Learn about the rules for rent, including rent increase guidelines and resolving issues about rent control. Renting commercial property in Ontario Learn about commercial lease agreements, how to end a tenancy and where to get help to resolve a conflict. Construction Ontario Building Code Learn more about the building code, including qualification and registration, available training, dispute resolution, recent code developments and more. Land use planning Tools that can help support local planning and economic development for municipalities. Land registration Register, store and manage deeds, mortgages and plans of survey at 1 of Ontario’s 54 Land Registry Offices. Infrastructure projects Search infrastructure projects across the province, including new or improved roads and bridges, schools, hospitals and community centres. Communities Municipalities The names of all 444 Ontario municipalities. Social Assistance Learn how to get financial and employment assistance if you don’t have enough money for things like food and housing, or if you have a disability and are in financial need. Adoption Learn about adoption, how to adopt a child, and get services and support to help you and the child you are adopting throughout the adoption process. Indigenous children and youth Get information about services and programs for First Nations, Inuit and Métis children and youth. Early child development Learn about programs that can support your child’s growth and development from the time they’re born until they start school. Youth in Ontario Learn about programs, services and support to help you develop skills to achieve your goals and build your future. Children with special needs Get information about support for your child’s special needs related to their physical, intellectual, emotional, social, language or behavioural development. Adults with developmental disabilities in Ontario Learn about developmental services and find services and support for people who have a developmental disability and are older than 18. Women’s social and economic opportunity Promoting women’s economic independence and fighting against gender-based violence, sexual exploitation and abuse. Contact us Ministry of Children, Community and Social Services Helping to improve outcomes for children, youth, families and individuals who need support, and advancing the interests of women across Ontario. Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing Working with local governments and partners across Ontario to build safe and strong urban and rural communities with dynamic local economies, a high quality of life and affordable and suitable homes for everyone. Updated: May 24, 2023 Published: September 03, 2015 Government of Ontario The Government of Ontario includes ministries, agencies and Crown corporations. About Ontario Accessibility News Privacy Terms of use © King’s Printer for Ontario, 2012–to23 Top