https://future.uwindsor.ca/apply-undergraduate-mature-student?elqTrackId=9df1a80ce8434bf09b841615ace79cbe&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=43 <iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-M73XP8N" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> How to Apply to an Undergraduate Program if you're a Mature Student @ UWindsor - UWindsor The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. Learn More. Future Students Home Close 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate & Diploma Programs Continuing Education Transfer Students International Students Indigenous Students Tuition / Fee Estimator Student Support Services Residence & Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Experiential Learning & Co-op New - High School Students Resource Centre 2. Connect Events, Webinars & Chat Request Program Information Request Materials Meet our Recruitment Team Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Meet our Student Ambassadors 3. Visit In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour Student Experience 4. Apply Undergraduate International Graduate Education Law Continuing Education English Pathway Program Transfer Student Mature Student Part-time Student 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map In-Person Campus Tour Helpful Links Important Dates Live Chat Ask.UWindsor In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour For Educators Back to Top Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students How to apply @ UWindsor How to Apply to an Undergraduate Program if you're a Mature Student Apply Now Mature Student Applications Applicants who do not meet the minimum academic requirements for admission to an undergraduate program at the University of Windsor may be eligible for consideration as mature students if they: Possess an Ontario Secondary School Diploma (OSS Diploma) or equivalent and do not meet current minimum academic admission requirements. (Applicants who have not completed an OSS Diploma or equivalent must submit a profile.); and Are Canadian citizens or permanent residents at the time of application; and Will be at least 20 years of age prior to proposed date of enrolment; and Have not been in full-time attendance at a secondary school within the previous two years. May have attended an Ontario College of Applied Arts and Technology (CAAT) for one or more semesters with a cumulative average between a C- (60%) and a C+ (69%). Applicants to the Odette School of Business require a minimum cumulative average of 67%. Submit a letter of application (details below) Mature student applicants must satisfy all program specific admission requirements. Program specific admission requirements are listed in the Policy on Admission Requirements (Undergraduate). Mature student applications are accepted throughout the year with admission to the nearest appropriate term based on program. How to apply Step 1 Apply through OUAC Mature students may apply for either full-time or part-time undergraduate studies at the University of Windsor. If applying for part-time studies, please review the Part-Time Student Application information prior to completing the application. Apply full-time Apply part-time Step 2 After you apply After submitting your application form, you can expect to receive an application acknowledgement email within five business days. This email will include instructions for: Activating your UWin Account Signing into UWinsite Student, UWindsor’s student information platform. Once you have accessed UWinsite Student, you will need to respond to the items in your To Do List, including uploading the following documents: Transcripts of all high school and post-secondary experiences For any applicant presenting documents issued under a prior name, an official certificate confirming a name change is also required After your documents have been received, they will be verified by UWindsor’s Office of the Registrar and the items on your To Do List in UWinsite Student marked as “Completed.” It is only at this point – when all your documentation has been submitted and is in order – that evaluation of your application will begin. Evaluation, if there are no unique circumstances which require further analysis, may take up to four weeks. You can monitor the status of your application in UWinsite Student. You will also be notified by email when a decision has been made. Step 3 Next Steps Once you receive your Offer of Admission letter, you’ll want to follow the steps outlined on our Next Steps page including: How to review and accept your Offer of Admission How to set up your multi-factor authentication (MFA) options How to extend your UWin Account How to plan and register for courses And more... Visit the Next Steps page Apply to UWindsor If you don’t match the criteria for this application you might find one of these other applications useful. Undergraduate Graduate Education Law Continuing Education English Pathway Program Next Steps Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map Virtual Campus Tour In-Person Campus Tour Questions? Need Help? Chat & ask questions Virtual Coffee with a Student Recruiter: Make an appointment to talk with a Student Recruiter ask.UWindsor Live Chat: Ask our Student Recruitment team questions in real time ask.UWindsor: Search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions Close Land Acknowledgment The University of Windsor sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, which includes the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. We respect the longstanding relationships with First Nations people in this place in the 100-mile Windsor-Essex peninsula and the straits – les détroits – of Detroit. Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor Mobile Apps Terms & Conditions Contest Rules Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students