https://www.ontario.ca/page/how-use-oinp-e-filing-portal How to use the Ontario Immigrant Nominee Program e-Filing Portal | ontario.ca Skip to main content Ontario.ca needs JavaScript to function properly and provide you with a fast, stable experience. To have a better experience, you need to: Go to your browser's settings Enable JavaScript Ontario.ca homepage Search Submit Français fr Search Menu close Menu Arts and culture Business and economy COVID-19 Driving and roads Education and training Environment and energy Government Health and wellness Home and community Jobs and employment Law and safety Rural and north Taxes and benefits Travel and recreation Home Jobs and employment Ontario Immigrant Nominee Program How to use the Ontario Immigrant Nominee Program e-Filing Portal Learn how to create a profile and submit an application using the Ontario Immigrant Nominee Program e-Filing Portal. On this page Skip this page navigation Overview The Ontario Immigrant Nominee Program (OINP) operates online. You must submit all registrations and applications from your profile in the OINP e-Filing Portal. Migrate to a My Ontario Account Effective November 12, 2023, we have changed the way you access the OINP e-filing portal. If you have an existing application or expression of interest with the OINP, you will need to migrate your ONe-key account to a My Ontario account starting November 12, 2023. Please see instructions to help you complete this migration. Deadlines To apply under these streams, you must: create a profile in the OINP e-Filing Portal register an expression of interest for the stream(s) you are interested in receive an invitation to apply After receiving an invitation to apply, you must submit your application within 14 calendar days for the following streams: Employer Job Offer: Foreign Worker stream Employer Job Offer: International Student stream Employer Job Offer: In-Demand Skills stream Masters Graduate stream PhD Graduate stream Ontario’s Express Entry For Ontario’s Express Entry streams, you must submit your application to the OINP within 45 calendar days from the date that your notification of interest from Ontario is issued. The Express Entry streams include: Human Capital Priorities stream French-Speaking Skilled Worker stream Skilled Trades stream Business category Under the Entrepreneur stream, you have 90 calendar days to submit your application to the OINP after you receive an invitation to apply. There is no deadline to register an Expression of Interest for this stream. Step 1: Access the portal Before you go to the OINP e-Filing Portal, make sure you are using the latest version of: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer Do not use mobile devices, such as cell phones and tablets when accessing the OINP e-Filing Portal. Please use a desktop or laptop computer to reduce the chances of experiencing an error. Access the OINP e-Filing Portal. Step 2: Sign up for My Ontario New OINP users If you do not have a My Ontario Account Access the OINP e-filing portal and complete the reCAPTCHA. Sign up for one by clicking on “Create Account”. Once you have created an account, the system will automatically return you the OINP e-filing portal. Indicate that you are a New Applicant. If you do have a My Ontario Account Sign in as normal and indicate you area New Applicant. Remember your password, as you will need this in the future to log in to the OINP e-Filing Portal. The OINP does not manage My Ontario accounts and we cannot help you if you lose access to your account. To keep access to and control of your account, never share your password with anyone, including your representative. Returning OINP users Returning OINP users need to migrate their ONe-key Account to a My Ontario Account by November 12, 2023 You can create a My Ontario account now, but you cannot use it to sign in to the OINP e-filing system until November 12, 2023. Until then, continue using your ONe-key account. To create and activate a My Ontario Account: Access the OINP e-filing portal and complete the reCAPTCHA. Log in using your My Ontario Account details. Select “ONEKEY ACCOUNT MIGRATION” to migrate your existing ONe-key Account. Enter your ONe-key ID and password and click Migrate. Click Continue. Enter your Last Name, First Name and Email address used when you initially registered with the OINP e-Filing Portal. Click Continue. Your application is now viewable. Once you have migrated your account, all new correspondence from the OINP will be sent to the email address you have used to register your My Ontario Account. Remember your password, as you will need this in the future to log in to the OINP e-Filing Portal. The OINP does not manage My Ontario accounts and we cannot help you if you lose access to your account. To keep access to and control of your account, never share your password with anyone, including your representative. Step 3: Register your expression of interest for employer job offer and graduate student streams Don’t open more than one window or browser at a time when registering a profile. This can create errors. If you are applying to one of Ontario’s Express Entry streams, please skip ahead to Step 4. After you log in through My Ontario, you’ll be redirected to the OINP e-Filing Portal. At this time, you can register an expression of interest for the stream you’re applying to. You may only submit one expression of interest per stream. Before you register Before you register your expression of interest, make sure you meet all eligibility requirements of the stream under which you are registering. When you register Make sure to carefully enter your information when creating your profile in the OINP e-Filing Portal, as certain fields cannot be changed once completed. After you register Once you have successfully registered your expression of interest, you’ll receive a confirmation email with your expression of interest registration number. Troubleshoot tip If you make a spelling mistake in your name or your date of birth while registering, contact the OINP by email at ontarionominee@ontario.ca to request a correction. To validate your request, you will need to include: the Change of Personal Information form a copy of the personal details page of your passport The program will not accept requests for complete name or date of birth changes. Step 4: Fill out the application Don’t open more than one browser or tab to access or complete your online application. This can create errors in your application. After receiving an invitation to apply, you can submit your application in the OINP e-Filing Portal. You don’t need to complete your application all at once. You can save your application and return to it, as long as you submit it before the deadline. There are three ways to save your application: Click the Save button at the bottom right corner of each page. Use this button to save as you go (recommended to ensure that none of your information is lost if you lose connectivity while completing your application). Click the Next or Previous buttons at the bottom of each page. Click the Check for Errors button at the bottom right corner of each page. Upload supporting documents Scan and upload all your supporting documents into your online application. Make sure all your supporting documents are clear and legible. We will not accept documents that are blurry or illegible. Your supporting documents must be uploaded using one of the accepted document formats: .doc, .docx, .xls, .xlsx, .ppt, .pptx, .pdf, .rtf, .txt, .jpeg, .bmp, .png, .gif, or .tiff. File size limits In most cases, the maximum file size is 5MB per document. The maximum file size for passport pages is 10MB. Scan your documents at a lower resolution to reduce the size of your documents and allow for a faster upload. All pages of a specific document should be uploaded into one file (if the size limit permits). For example, all pages of a passport should appear in one file, rather than a separate file for each passport page. Troubleshoot tip If you get an error when uploading a document, you should exit out of your browser and log in again. If the error persists, send an email to ontarionominee@ontario.ca with screenshots of the error message and a description of the issue. Check for errors To see if you’ve missed any mandatory questions or if there are errors in your application, click the “Check for Errors” button at the bottom right corner of each page or at the end of your application. Click on the red circle beside the section header to review your errors. If you click on the section hyperlink, the errors will disappear. Step 5: Pay the fee and submit your application Your application can only be submitted once you have: answered all mandatory questions uploaded all required documentation paid your application fee Once you’ve submitted your application to the OINP, you won’t be able to make any changes. Pay the application fee You must pay the application fee online. The cost may be different depending on the stream to which you’re applying – see the applicable stream page for details. When you’re ready, you’ll be redirected to CCPay to make an electronic payment by credit card. We only accept Visa, Visa Debit, Mastercard or Mastercard Debit. The OINP e-Filing Portal does not store any personal banking or credit card information. After you pay your fee After you’ve paid the fee, your application will be submitted to the OINP. You will receive an email with a: confirmation that we’ve received your application payment receipt The application fee is non-refundable if the OINP has already started processing your application, unless your application is deemed to be incomplete. Check your status After registering your expression of interest, you can log into your profile on the OINP e-Filing Portal through your My Ontario account to check the status of your expression of interest or the status of your application. Look for the column labeled Status on your main page. As your application makes its way through the various processing stages, your application status will be updated. Make sure that you check your status online before sending an inquiry to the OINP. Contact us If you experience technical issues with applying online, send an email to ontarionominee@ontario.ca and include: your file number description of the problem screenshots your full name and contact information We will review your email and respond to you as soon as possible. Related information OINP Home page Updated: November 14, 2023 Published: April 15, 2019 Ministry of Labour, Immigration, Training and Skills Development The Ministry of Labour, Immigration, Training and Skills Development advances safe, fair and harmonious workplace practices that are essential to the social and economic well-being of the people of Ontario. About Ontario Accessibility News Privacy Terms of use © King’s Printer for Ontario, 2012–to23 Top