https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/immigrate-canada/express-entry/eligibility/criteria-comprehensive-ranking-system.html How we rank your Express Entry profile - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Immigration and citizenship Immigrate to Canada Immigrate through Express Entry Eligibility for Express Entry programs How we rank your Express Entry profile The Express Entry system lets us create a pool of candidates who may be eligible to immigrate to Canada permanently. You must be eligible for one of the immigration programs in Express Entry to get into the pool. You get points based on the information in your profile, including your skills and experience. To be chosen from the pool and invited to apply, you need to have one of the highest-ranking scores when we send out invitations. If you are invited, you can apply for permanent residence. How Express Entry works Comprehensive Ranking System The Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) is the points-based system we use to assess and score your profile and rank you in the Express Entry pool. See the full Comprehensive Ranking System criteria. The points you get from the CRS include a core set of points up to 600 and a set of additional points of up to 600. Your total score will be out of 1,200. Core: Up to 600 points Skills and experience factors Spouse or common-law partner factors, such as their language skills and education Skills transferability, including education and work experience Additional: Up to 600 points Canadian degrees, diplomas or certificates a valid job offer a nomination from a province or territory a brother or sister living in Canada who is a citizen or permanent resident strong French language skills Core points + Additional points = your total score If you’d like to see what your score would be if you filled out a profile, use our Comprehensive Ranking System tool. Top questions about Express Entry I was found not eligible for Express Entry and I can’t change my profile. What do I do? Why didn’t I get points for my job offer in Express Entry? I am working in Canada on a valid work permit. Does this count as a job offer? See all questions about this topic Page details Date modified: 2023-08-23 About this site Immigration and citizenship Help Centre Contact us Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy