https://www.canada.ca/en/services/indigenous-peoples.html Indigenous peoples - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Indigenous peoples Find Government of Canada programs and services for First Nations, Inuit and Métis. Learn more about Indigenous peoples and communities. The reconciliation journey Mental health supports available Former Residential School students can call 1-866-925-4419 for emotional crisis referral services and information on health supports from the Government of Canada. Indigenous peoples across Canada can also contact the Hope for Wellness Help Line 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for counselling and crisis intervention. Call toll-free at 1-855-242-3310 or connect to the online chat at hopeforwellness.ca. Services and information Coronavirus and Indigenous communities Support for First Nations and Inuit communities in preparing for, monitoring and responding to COVID-19. Indian status Apply for Indian status and status cards. Learn more about the Indian Register, band membership, treaty payments, trusts and estates. About Indigenous peoples and communities Learn about Canada's First Nations, Inuit and Métis peoples and communities, and their arts, cultures and histories. Funding Programs that support First Nations, Inuit and Métis individuals and communities. Check under other topics on this page as well for individual programs. Benefits and rights Rights and benefits guaranteed to Indigenous peoples in Canada. Education, training and jobs Education, including scholarships and bursaries, training programs and job opportunities for Indigenous peoples. Health services and social programs Physical and mental health services, child and family services, dental services, non-insured health benefits, family violence prevention and more. Business and economic development Programs and services to increase business skills, start or expand a business or develop land on a reserve. Housing Programs and subsidies that support the building and management of housing for Indigenous peoples. Infrastructure Support for adequate and sustainable housing, clean drinking water and community infrastructure such as schools, roads and wastewater systems. Environment and natural resources Managing the environment and sustainable natural resources including fisheries, forestry, mining, water, land, climate change and contaminated sites. Indigenous justice and policing Alternative community-based justice and policing programs, and moving forward on the national action plan to end violence against Indigenous women, girls and 2SLGBTQI+ people. Emergency management Preventing, preparing for, responding to and recovering from emergencies in First Nations communities. Treaties, claims and agreements Treaties and land claims across Canada, including ongoing negotiations, self-government and other agreements, as well as the duty to consult. Reconciliation How the Government of Canada is working to advance reconciliation and renew the relationship with Indigenous peoples, based on recognition of rights, respect, cooperation and partnership. The North Northern resource development, environmental management, science and innovation, culture and history, Arctic issues, Nutrition North Canada. Feature Hope for Wellness Helpline Available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Call 1-855-242-3310 or chat online at hopeforwellness.ca. Indigenous Veterans November 8 is Indigenous Veterans Day. First Nations, Métis and Inuit people in Canada have a long and proud tradition of military service to our country. Page details Date modified: 2023-11-06 About this site Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy