https://ircc.canada.ca/english/helpcentre/index-featured-can.asp IRCC Help Centre - Featured Topics Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search IRCC Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Immigration and citizenship IRCC Help Centre - Featured Topics What do you need help with? Your location: Canada | International Questions by topic Application status Citizenship Visiting Applying – General Work permits Sponsoring your family See all topics Popular questions I can’t open my application form in PDF format. What can I do? How can I check the status of my application? How can I change my address or contact information for my immigration or citizenship application? What are the requirements for becoming a Canadian citizen? What is a complete application package? How do I help a family member or friend apply to visit Canada? For my spousal sponsorship application, what is a common-law partner? How long will it take to process my application? I need to leave Canada and I do not have a permanent resident card. Can I later return to Canada without a PR card? Do I become a Canadian citizen when I marry a Canadian? See all questions Definitions Find definitions to terms often used by Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada in our glossary. Your application Application status, processing times, online applications and paper forms, fee payment, medical and police checks. Do you want to extend your stay? Answer a few questions to find out how you can apply to extend your stay and how to submit an online or paper application. Follow: Facebook Twitter YouTube Report a problem or mistake on this page Date modified: 2023-07-27 About this site Immigration and citizenship Help Centre Contact us Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy