https://www.uwindsor.ca/finance/786/making-a-payment-outside-canada?elqTrackId=b764a9a4b3e1480d872bf65cc673db45&elqaid=819&elqat=2 Making A Payment From Outside of Canada | Finance Department Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS Finance Department Finance Department In this section For Students Student Accounts / Cashiers Student Awards and Financial Aid For Faculty, Staff and Stakeholders Financial Accounting & Reporting Budgets & Financial Services UWinsite Finance Fraud Alerts Home Office Expenses 2022 Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms For Students Student Accounts / Cashiers Student Awards and Financial Aid For Faculty, Staff and Stakeholders Financial Accounting & Reporting Budgets & Financial Services UWinsite Finance Fraud Alerts Home Office Expenses 2022 Glossary of Policies, Procedures & Forms UWindsor Home Finance Department Making A Payment From Outside of Canada Making A Payment From Outside of Canada Updates International students inquiring about their tuition rates: Information on Legal Status Affecting Tuition Levels International Students: When you pay your tuition through CIBC International Student Pay, you have a chance to win a $300 prepaid card. Details here. CIBC International Student Pay CIBC International Student Pay is a new cost-effective secure online portal for International Students to make arrangement for payments to the University of Windsor in the student’s local currency. With CIBC International Student Pay, you'll receive: Enhanced Student Experience: Conveniently make payments in the currency of your choice. Your payments will be updated in your UWindsor student account automatically. Access to Live Foreign Exchange Rates: Benefit from live, preferred foreign exchange rates provided exclusively to UWindsor students by CIBC. End-to-End Communication: Easily track your payment online, anytime. Receive ongoing status updates until your payment is complete. CIBC International Student Pay supports your preferred payment methods: View video in other languages: French Spanish Hindi Indonesian Korean Vietnamese Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Get Started with CIBC International Student Pay Make your payments in 5 simple steps: Access the CIBC International Student Pay secure web portal from here. Select your country of payment and the payment amount in CAD ($). Pick your preferred method of payment. Pay in your preferred currency. Enter your student and payer details and click Submit. Additional information on CIBC International Student Pay: How to make a payment from anywhere: English How to make a payment from China: English | Chinese How to make a payment from India: English | Hindi For more information on CIBC International Student Pay, please visit the CIBC website, the FAQ page, or contact us via studenthelp@cibc.com. U.S. Neighbour Rate We offer Americans a significant tuition fee discount compared to international rates. To qualify, you must: be registered part time or full time in an undergraduate program, be a U.S. citizen, provide a valid study permit to the International Student Centre at the beginning of your first semester and offer renewed permits when granted. Incidental fees, residence and meal plan charges are not included and are charged in CDN dollars. See the Tuition Fee Estimator for current rates: https://www.uwindsor.ca/finance/fee-estimator. Exchange Rate Exchange rate used for the Fall 2023 semester effective August 1, 2023, is: 1.25 The University of Windsor is a Canadian institution that operates in Canadian currency. As a courtesy, we offer students the option to pay their fees in US dollars. When we receive US dollars, we sell them to our bank at an exchange rate provided by them. When we refund US dollars to a student, we need to purchase US dollars from the bank. They charge us a rate that is significantly different than the rate at which we sold the original US dollars. Since we operate in Canadian dollars, it is a cost to us to exchange US currency back and forth. Since we can only refund the amount that the bank gives us on exchange, the risk of foreign exchange is the responsibility of the student. Contact Information Student Accounts Office University of Windsor Chrysler Hall North, 1st Floor 401 Sunset Avenue Windsor, Ontario, Canada, N9B 3P4 Service Hours Telephone Hours: Monday 10am - 12pm Tuesday 10am - 12pm & 2pm - 4pm Wednesday 10am - 12pm & 2pm - 4pm Thursday 10am - 12pm & 2pm - 4pm Friday 2pm - 4pm In Person Hours: Monday 1pm - 4pm Tuesday 1pm - 4pm Wednesday 9am - 12pm & 1pm - 4pm Thursday 9am - 12pm & 1pm - 4pm Friday 1pm - 4pm Phone: 519-253-3000 ext. 3307 Email: cashiers@uwindsor.ca Include your 9-digit student number. Current students use your uwindsor.ca email for correspondence. About us | Back to top To join the queue for the Student Accounts office, please scan this QR Code or click if using a mobile device: share tweet save On this page Updates CIBC International Student Pay U.S. Neighbour Rate Exchange Rate Useful resources Fee Estimator About Us Office of the Registrar Student Awards and Financial Aid UWinsite Student Ask.UWindsor is a service platform to help address applicants’ and students’ questions about studying at the University of Windsor. They can search for answers, submit questions for our staff and manage their support requests. share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram