https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/corporate/mandate/policies-operational-instructions-agreements/ministerial-instructions/express-entry-rounds.html Ministerial instructions respecting invitations to apply for permanent residence under the Express Entry system - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada Corporate information Mandate Policies, ministerial instructions, and agreements Ministerial Instructions Ministerial instructions respecting invitations to apply for permanent residence under the Express Entry system We rank Express Entry candidates in the pool using a points-based system called the Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS). About every 2 weeks, we invite the top candidates in the pool to apply for permanent residence during rounds of invitations. The table below lists all the Express Entry rounds of invitations. You can search, filter and sort the information by any of the fields. Description of the table fields #: Each round has a unique number given to it. You can use this to look up detailed results of each round. Date: The date the round was held. Immigration program: The Express Entry program(s) included in the round. Rounds can cover a single program or multiple programs. “no program specified” rounds are o pen to candidates from all Express Entry programs (Canadian Experience Class, Federal Skilled Workers, Federal Skilled Trades and a portion of the Provincial Nominee Program). Invitations issued: The number of candidates who got an invitation to apply. CRS score of lowest-ranked candidate invited The way Express Entry works has changed over time. Make sure you check which ministerial instructions respecting the Express Entry system apply to your round to see how to calculate your CRS points. # Date Round type Invitations issued CRS score of lowest-ranked candidate invited Page details Date modified: 2023-10-18 About this site Immigration and citizenship Help Centre Contact us Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy