https://www.canada.ca/en/services/finance.html Money and finances - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Money and finances Money and finances Managing your money, debt and investments, planning for retirement and protecting yourself from consumer fraud. Follow: Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Twitter ItPaysToKnow Promotions Tab 1 This Financial Literacy Month, check up on your financial health Most requested Housing Find a bankruptcy or insolvency record Student loans Set up direct deposit Mortgages Credit report and scores Make a budget Rates and contribution limits Services and information Managing your money Budgeting, banking, money transfers, insurance and planning your finances at different life stages. Debt and borrowing Managing debt, credit cards, mortgages, loans, lines of credit, credit reports and more. Education funding Scholarships, paying for your education, RESPs, budgeting tips and paying off student debt. Pensions and retirement Retirement planning, public and registered pensions, RRSPs, RRIFs, retirement income calculator and more. Protection from frauds and scams Identity theft, types of fraud, counterfeit money and other threats or scams. Financial tools and calculators Tools to help you choose a bank account and credit card, including budget and mortgage calculators. Financial literacy programs Educational materials to help students and adults increase their financial knowledge and skills. Consumer affairs Solutions for everyday consumer topics like complaint resolution and consumer protection. Insolvency Consumer proposals, bankruptcy and how to find a Licensed Insolvency Trustee. Taxes Tax information for individuals, businesses, charities and trusts. Government finances How the government manages its finances through the federal budget, planned spending and reports on expenses. Business grants and financing Grants, loans, private and public sector financing and leveraging personal assets. Financial and money services regulation Plan and trust administration, financial transaction reporting, the regulation of financial institutions and more. Savings and investments Savings and investment types, setting goals and choosing a financial advisor. Feature Budget 2023: A Made-in-Canada Plan Supporting a stronger middle class, an affordable economy, and a healthy future for Canadians Direct deposit is convenient You can now sign up through most financial institutions to get your CRA payments by direct deposit. Support local and stay safe Ways you can support local while also following the latest public health advice Page details Date modified: 2023-11-06 About this site Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy