https://future.uwindsor.ca/next-steps?elqTrackId=94ff3e15d6084d1daf81f6ef24a196fd&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=43 <iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-M73XP8N" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> Next Steps on Your Lancer Journey - UWindsor The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. Learn More. Future Students Home Close 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate & Diploma Programs Continuing Education Transfer Students International Students Indigenous Students Tuition / Fee Estimator Student Support Services Residence & Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Experiential Learning & Co-op New - High School Students Resource Centre 2. Connect Events, Webinars & Chat Request Program Information Request Materials Meet our Recruitment Team Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Meet our Student Ambassadors 3. Visit In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour Student Experience 4. Apply Undergraduate International Graduate Education Law Continuing Education English Pathway Program Transfer Student Mature Student Part-time Student 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map In-Person Campus Tour Helpful Links Important Dates Live Chat Ask.UWindsor In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour For Educators Back to Top Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students Your Lancer Journey Starts Here What are my next steps? ask.UWindsor Live Chat Congratulations! You're accepted. Congratulations on being accepted to the University of Windsor. You’re on your way to achieving your dreams. Below you’ll find the information you need to take the next steps on your journey. From resources to plan your first-year courses to services to help you make the most of your UWindsor experience to a timeline to guide you – you’ll find it all here. If you require assistance, you’ll also find contact information for your particular program or the service you wish to inquire about. My Important Dates What Are My Next Steps To our future University of Windsor students Welcome! At the University of Windsor, you have entire worlds to discover, multiple worlds that will challenge your intellect, your imagination, and your character. That’s why more than 16,000 students this year have chosen to make their future here. I invite you to come to the University of Windsor and write your own future. At the same time, you’ll be writing ours. Looking forward to meeting you virtually this Fall, and to seeing you in person just as soon as it’s safe to do so! Patti Weir Acting Provost and Vice-President Academic, University of Windsor What to do next? Registering your courses will take careful planning to ensure you get the class schedule that works best for you. The steps below will help you get started but if you’re having trouble at any point contact your program or reach out to us at ask.UWindsor. Please select the options that describe you best Level Of Study Undergraduate Graduate Enrolment Term Fall 2023 Winter 2023 Step 1 Review your offer Review your Offer of Admission letter and verify your program. You’ll also want to take note of any conditions to your offer of admission and complete them by the date indicated in your letter. How do I review my offer Step 2 Accept your offer Follow the instructions in your University of Windsor Offer of Admission letter that explains how to confirm your acceptance. Make sure you’ve completed this by the date indicated on your Offer of Admission. How do I accept my offer Step 3 Set up your multi-factor authentication (MFA) options UWindsor uses MFA to verify the identity of individuals accessing our protected online resources from off-campus. You need to set up your MFA options before extending your UWin Account or signing in to UWinsite Student to plan your courses. How to set up MFA options Step 4 Extend your UWin Account & Setup UWindsor Email Gain access to your UWindsor email, the University’s online learning system, the full suite of Microsoft products and other important campus resources. After you’ve extended your UWin account the University of Windsor will send all email communications to your UWindsor email. How to Extend How to access UWindsor email Step 5 Verify your UWinsite Student Homepage Activation Your Student Homepage in UWinsite Student will be activated a few weeks before registration opens (May 2023 for Fall 2023 term). You’ll know your Student Homepage is activated when you can select it from the “Homepage” drop down. Step 6 Visit our New Student Registration Info Page for Fall 2023 Incoming Fall undergraduate students can access resources regarding next steps, how to register, and choosing courses. Learn More New Student Registration Page Coming in mid May! Get live help with course registration online or in-person! Step 7 Plan your courses Start planning your courses once your Shopping Cart is active in UWinsite Student. You’ll know you can start adding classes to your Shopping Cart when you see the small arrow next to class sections when using the Class Search and Enroll. Plan Your Courses Step 8 Register for your classes Starting in late May 2023 (for Fall 2023 Term), register for your classes in UWinsite Student. Get the best selection by registering early. Choose my courses Step 9 Upload photo for your UWinCARD Your UwinCARD is your official UWindsor student identification card. Upload your photo in early August, 2023 and your UwinCARD will be mailed to you. More about UWinCARD Upload your photo Step 10 Attend Head Start Orientation Make a smooth transition to UWindsor. Science & Education - July FAHSS & Education - July Nursing, HK & Business - July Engineering - July General Day - August Virtual Head Start - August About Orientation Step 11 UWindsor Prep Program Each optional, non-credit course is designed to support first-year students' transition to UWindsor by providing a condensed review of grade 12 curriculum. Classes begin July 2023. About Prep Program Step 12 Attend Welcome Week Early September 2023 - Make new friends, connect with your professors, staff and returning student leaders. Get valuable tips from senior students. Join your faculty team to compete for the coveted Lancer Shield! First day of class Your UWindsor student career begins! September 7, 2023. Step 1 Review your offer Review your Offer of Admission letter and verify your program. You’ll also want to take note of any conditions to your offer of admission and complete them by the date indicated in your letter. How do I review my offer Step 2 Accept your offer Follow the instructions in your University of Windsor Offer of Admission letter that explains how to confirm your acceptance. Make sure you’ve completed this by the date indicated on your Offer of Admission. How do I accept my offer Step 3 Set up your multi-factor authentication (MFA) options UWindsor uses MFA to verify the identity of individuals accessing our protected online resources from off-campus. You need to set up your MFA options before extending your UWin Account or signing in to UWinsite Student to plan your courses. How to set up MFA options Step 4 Extend your UWin Account & Setup UWindsor Email Gain access to your UWindsor email, the University’s online learning system, the full suite of Microsoft products and other important campus resources. After you’ve extended your UWin account the University of Windsor will send all email communications to your UWindsor email. How to Extend How to access UWindsor email Step 5 Verify your UWinsite Student Homepage Activation Your Student Homepage in UWinsite Student will be activated a few weeks before registration opens (Early November, 2022 for Winter 2023 term). You’ll know your Student Homepage is activated when you can select it from the “Homepage” drop down. Step 6 Visit our New Student Registration Info for Winter 2023 Incoming Winter undergraduate students can access resources regarding the next steps, how to register, and choosing courses. Learn More Step 7 Plan your courses Start planning your courses once your Shopping Cart is active in UWinsite Student. You’ll know you can start adding classes to your Shopping Cart when you see the small arrow next to class sections when using the Class Search and Enroll. Plan Your Courses Step 8 Register for your classes Starting on November 14, 2022 (for Winter 2023 Term), register for your classes in UWinsite Student. Get the best selection by registering early. Choose my courses Step 9 Upload photo for your UWinCARD Your UwinCARD is your official UWindsor student identification card. Upload your photo in early December, 2022 and your UwinCARD will be mailed to you. More about UWinCARD Upload your photo Step 10 Attend Orientation In Early January, 2023 - Make a smooth transition to UWindsor. About Our Winter Orientation Step 11 Attend Welcome Week Make new friends, connect with your professors, staff and returning student leaders. Get valuable tips from senior students. Join your faculty team to compete for the coveted Lancer Shield! First day of class Your UWindsor student career begins! January 5th, 2023 for Winter. Step 1 Review your offer Review your Offer of Admission letter and verify your program. You’ll also want to take note of any conditions to your offer of admission and complete them by the date indicated in your letter. Step 2 Accept your offer You will get an email with instructions to accept the offer in eGAS. Step 3 Set up your multi-factor authentication (MFA) options UWindsor uses MFA to verify the identity of individuals accessing our protected online resources from off-campus. You need to set up your MFA options before extending your UWin Account or signing in to UWinsite Student to plan your courses. How to set up MFA options Step 4 Pay your deposit Pay your deposit if applicable. Step 5 Apply for study permit If you are not a Canadian citizen, permanent resident, or landed immigrant, you will need to obtain a Study Permit to study in Canada. Visit the Government of Canada website to learn more. Step 6 Extend your UWin Account & Setup UWindsor Email If you are a new UWindsor student, you need to extend your UWin Account to gain access to your UWindsor email, the University’s online learning system, the full suite of Microsoft products and other important campus resources. After you’ve extended your UWin account the University of Windsor will send all email communications to your UWindsor email. How to Extend How to access UWindsor email Step 7 Verify your UWinsite Student Homepage Activation Your Student Homepage in UWinsite Student will be activated a few weeks before registration opens (mid May for Fall 2023 term). You’ll know your Student Homepage is activated when you can select it from the “Homepage” drop down. Step 8 Plan your courses Start planning your courses once your Shopping Cart is active in UWinsite Student. You’ll know you can start adding classes to your Shopping Cart when you see the small chevron next to class sections when using the Class Search and Enroll. Step 9 Register for your classes You will receive an email with your enrolment appointment date, at which point you can start registering for classes in UWinsite Student. Get the best selection by registering early. Step 10 Upload photo for your UWinCARD Your UwinCARD is your official UWindsor student identification card. Upload your photo by August 2023 and your UwinCARD will be mailed to you. More about UWinCARD Upload your photo Step 1 Review your offer Review your Offer of Admission letter and verify your program. You’ll also want to take note of any conditions to your offer of admission and complete them by the date indicated in your letter. Step 2 Accept your offer You will get an email with instructions to accept the offer in eGAS. Step 3 Set up your multi-factor authentication (MFA) options UWindsor uses MFA to verify the identity of individuals accessing our protected online resources from off-campus. You need to set up your MFA options before extending your UWin Account or signing in to UWinsite Student to plan your courses. How to set up MFA options Step 4 Pay your deposit Pay your deposit if applicable. Step 5 Apply for study permit If you are not a Canadian citizen, permanent resident, or landed immigrant, you will need to obtain a Study Permit to study in Canada. Visit the Government of Canada website to learn more. Step 6 Extend your UWin Account & Setup UWindsor Email If you are a new UWindsor student, you need to extend your UWin Account to gain access to your UWindsor email, the University’s online learning system, the full suite of Microsoft products and other important campus resources. After you’ve extended your UWin account the University of Windsor will send all email communications to your UWindsor email. How to Extend How to access UWindsor email Step 7 Verify your UWinsite Student Homepage Activation Your Student Homepage in UWinsite Student will be activated a few weeks before registration opens (early November for Winter 2023 term). You’ll know your Student Homepage is activated when you can select it from the “Homepage” drop down. Step 8 Plan your courses Start planning your courses once your Shopping Cart is active in UWinsite Student. You’ll know you can start adding classes to your Shopping Cart when you see the small chevron next to class sections when using the Class Search and Enroll. Step 9 Register for your classes You will receive an email with your enrolment appointment date, at which point you can start registering for classes in UWinsite Student. Get the best selection by registering early. Step 10 Upload photo for your UWinCARD Your UwinCARD is your official UWindsor student identification card. Upload your photo by December 2022 and your UwinCARD will be mailed to you. More about UWinCARD Upload your photo First day of class Your UWindsor student career begins! January 5, 2023. Registration Guides Multiple resources to help you with course registration Watch our Step-by-Step Video Watch a current UWindsor student guide you along. Registration Videos Read our Step by Step Articles Read through our many Knowledge Base Articles. Registration Articles Download our Step by Step PDF Download, print and read our pdf guide. Registration PDF Questions? Need Help? There are multiple ways to connect with UWindsor for help Virtual Coffee with a Student Recruiter: Make an appointment to talk with a Student Recruiter Student Support Services: We offer many student support services that are important to your success. ask.UWindsor Live Chat: Ask current students questions or search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions. Course Registration Webinars Looking to learn more about how to register for courses? Attend one of these sessions to learn how to choose and register for courses, get answers to your questions from Academic Advisors, and receive tips for academic success. Monday, June 8 @ 2 PM EST Wednesday, June 10 @ 2 PM EST Friday, June 12 @ 2 PM EST Monday, June 15 @ 2 PM EST Wednesday, June 17 @ 2 PM EST Friday, June 19 @ 2 PM EST Attend Webinar Reasons to Attend Learn how to choose and register for courses Get answers to your questions from Academic Advisors Receive tips for academic success Attend Webinar UWindsor Prep Program Refresher classes to prepare incoming students for success! Short, non-credit prep-courses designed to refresh students’ skills and provide a taste of what classes will bring in the fall Take one, a few, or all of the prep-classes to get ahead and be prepared for the beginning of your UWindsor classes Each course is designed to provide a review of grade 12 curriculum and build the skills students will need in first-year classes Sign-up for Prep Program Land Acknowledgment The University of Windsor sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, which includes the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. We respect the longstanding relationships with First Nations people in this place in the 100-mile Windsor-Essex peninsula and the straits – les détroits – of Detroit. Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor Mobile Apps Terms & Conditions Contest Rules Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students