https://www.ontario.ca/page/ontario-immigrant-nominee-program-oinp#toc-end Ontario Immigrant Nominee Program (OINP) | ontario.ca Skip to main content Ontario.ca needs JavaScript to function properly and provide you with a fast, stable experience. To have a better experience, you need to: Go to your browser's settings Enable JavaScript Ontario.ca homepage Search Submit Français fr Search Menu close Menu Arts and culture Business and economy COVID-19 Driving and roads Education and training Environment and energy Government Health and wellness Home and community Jobs and employment Law and safety Rural and north Taxes and benefits Travel and recreation Home Jobs and employment Ontario Immigrant Nominee Program (OINP) Learn how foreign workers, international students, business owners or entrepreneurs from outside of Canada can apply for permanent residence in Ontario, or how Ontario businesses can recruit international talent. On this page Skip this page navigation Migrate to a My Ontario Account Effective November 12, 2023, we have changed the way you access the OINP e-filing portal. If you have an existing application or expression of interest with the OINP, you will need to migrate your ONe-key account to a My Ontario account starting November 12, 2023. For more information on how to migrate your account, view the new instructions on how to use the OINP e-Filing Portal. Representatives can find instructions on how to migrate their account. Overview The Ontario Immigrant Nominee Program (OINP) is the province’s economic immigration program. It works in partnership with the Government of Canada through Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC). Foreign workers, international students and others with the right skills, experience and education apply to the OINP for a nomination. The OINP recognizes and nominates people for permanent residence who have the skills and experience the Ontario economy needs, and the Government of Canada makes the final decision to approve applications for permanent residence. For other ways to immigrate to Ontario, visit Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC). Learn about the program Choosing the right stream Discover Ontario’s nine immigration streams, including the Entrepreneur stream. Guide for employers Learn how to apply for the approval of an employment position. Review program updates Find this year’s updates, news and announcements. Protect yourself and others from fraud Learn how to protect yourself and report suspected fraud. Learn how to apply Prepare your application and submit Learn how to submit your application after you receive an invitation to apply or notification of interest. How to use the e-filing portal Find instructions and helpful tips about using the e-filing portal to register an expression of interest or submit your application. Use a representative to apply Learn who can be a representative and how to find and appoint a representative. Register for an invitation to apply or notification of interest You can only apply to the OINP if you are invited. Document checklists Find out what documents you need to submit with your application. After you submit your application Sign in or check your application status Access the e-filing portal to sign into your account. Update your application - Expression of Interest streams Find out how to update your application, withdraw, request a nomination extension and more. Check application processing times Get up-to-date information about application processing times. Update your application - Express Entry streams Find out how to update your application, withdraw, request a nomination transfer and more. Business immigration services The Business Immigration Services team takes an active role in helping employers find talent solutions with immigration. We are here to help businesses navigate the immigration system to: fill labour shortages retain international students get skilled workers faster As a designated referral partner under Canada’s Global Skills Strategy, OINP business services can help innovative companies that are scaling-up or significantly investing in Ontario. We offer personalized service that can help businesses get an expedited work permit and labour market impact assessment (LMIA) processing for your highly skilled talent needs. We provide info-sessions, in-person or teleconference meetings, and dedicated staff for your assistance. Contact us today at business.immigration@ontario.ca Promotional materials To help raise awareness about the OINP, an information sheet is available to download and print: English (PDF) French (PDF) OINP Legislation Understand your obligations as an applicant or representative, and the rights and responsibilities of the program. Ontario Immigration Act, 2015 Ontario Regulation 421/17 Ontario Regulation 422/17 Contact us If you have general questions about the OINP: use our webform send us an email at business.immigration@ontario.ca (for Entrepreneur Stream only) call us Monday to Friday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. at: Tel: 416-327-0374 Toll-free: 1-866-214-6820 (toll-free within North America only) TTY: 416-325-0866 Toll-free TTY: 1-866-853-2137 If you have questions about your application for a visa or temporary permit or your application for permanent residence, please contact Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada through their website or by telephone at 1-888-242-2100 (in Canada only). Updated: November 20, 2023 Published: January 14, 2019 Ministry of Labour, Immigration, Training and Skills Development The Ministry of Labour, Immigration, Training and Skills Development advances safe, fair and harmonious workplace practices that are essential to the social and economic well-being of the people of Ontario. About Ontario Accessibility News Privacy Terms of use © King’s Printer for Ontario, 2012–to23 Top