https://www.uwindsor.ca/international-student-centre/223/post-graduation-work-permit-eligibility-criteria?elqTrackId=2f69f88d033a405f838140b50b52752a&elqaid=819&elqat=2 Post-graduation Work Permit Eligibility Criteria | International Student Centre Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS International Student Centre International Student Centre In this section International Arrivals - New & Returning New Students Health Plans and Services Immigration and Visa Student Exchange Opportunities Resources for Students Getting Involved Faculty and Staff Resources Events ISC Newsletter ISC Room Reservations Contact Us FAQ International Arrivals - New & Returning New Students Health Plans and Services Immigration and Visa Student Exchange Opportunities Resources for Students Getting Involved Faculty and Staff Resources Events ISC Newsletter ISC Room Reservations Contact Us FAQ UWindsor Home International Student Centre Post-graduation Work Permit Eligibility Criteria Post-graduation Work Permit Eligibility Criteria After completing an academic or a professional program at the University of Windsor, international graduates can apply for a Post-Graduation Work Permit (PGWP). The PGWP provides international students a great opportunity to obtain Canadian work experience and/or start their permanent residence applications. Eligibility Requirements You must have continuously studied full time in Canada and you must have completed a program of study that lasted at least eight months. You must have graduated from one of the designated learning institutions. Eg, the University of Windsor. You must apply for a work permit within 180 days of receiving written confirmation from your institution indicating that you have met the requirements for completing your academic program. You must have valid status in Canada when you apply for the work permit from inside Canada. If you don’t apply with a valid status then you must leave the country. A study permit expires: the date that is written on the study permit or 90 days after you complete your studies (Whichever comes first) Speak to a International Student Advisor if you have questions at intladvisors@uwindsor.ca You must have completed and passed the program of study and received notification that you are eligible to obtain your degree, diploma or certificate. You must have a valid status in Canada when you apply for the work permit from inside Canada. You should renew it if your study permit will expire before you graduate or before you can gather all the supporting documents. Issuance of the Work Permit A work permit under the PGWPP may be issued for the length of the study program, for a maximum of three years. A post-graduation work permit cannot be valid for longer than the student’s study program, which must be a minimum of eight months in duration. For more information on the PGWP and issuance length, please visit the Government of Canada website. COVID Measures Distance learning from outside of Canada Distance learning from inside of Canada If you have any questions, please contact an International Student Advisor (intladvisors@uwindsor.ca) Other Important Information The PGWP is an open work permit and can only be issued once. If you plan to further your study, please make an appointment with our International Student Advisor through mySuccess to discuss your future plans. If you have ever taken a leave of absence or studied part-time, it is recommended you consult with our International Student Advisor before submitting your application. share tweet save View Our Upcoming Events share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram