https://future.uwindsor.ca/student-services-support?elqTrackId=ccef6e9bae55479cae8428ae67372be3&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=43 <iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-M73XP8N" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> Services and Support - Dive right in, we're here to help - UWindsor The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. Learn More. Future Students Home Close 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate & Diploma Programs Continuing Education Transfer Students International Students Indigenous Students Tuition / Fee Estimator Student Support Services Residence & Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Experiential Learning & Co-op New - High School Students Resource Centre 2. Connect Events, Webinars & Chat Request Program Information Request Materials Meet our Recruitment Team Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Meet our Student Ambassadors 3. Visit In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour Student Experience 4. Apply Undergraduate International Graduate Education Law Continuing Education English Pathway Program Transfer Student Mature Student Part-time Student 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map In-Person Campus Tour Helpful Links Important Dates Live Chat Ask.UWindsor In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour For Educators Back to Top Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students Services & Support We’re here to make your UWindsor experience the best possible. The University offers dozens of support services, from study skills workshops to counselling to special needs accommodations. Student Support Faculty Support This is student life @ UWindsor Head over to The Toldo Lancer Centre for a quick workout. Grab lunch with friends at the Marketplace (Vegan Mushroom Strudel, Coconut Curried Beef, or the Pulled Pork Lasagna?). Take your laptop outside and enjoy the outdoor space. And don’t forget that ultimate frisbee game! In our residence halls and restaurants, you’ll bond with new friends from around the world. Be sure to get involved and join student clubs and organizations. You’ll fit right in! Our campus covers 125 acres and houses 47 buildings, including some pretty awesome, new environmentally-friendly ones on our main and downtown campuses. And over 50% of our campus is green space where you can hang with friends, do homework or just read a book. You’ll be living in one of the coolest (although surprisingly warm) metropolitan areas in North America. The sister cities of Windsor and Detroit offer the best of both worlds – the charm, personal feel, and fabulous restaurants of a small city in Windsor with big city amenities such as major league sports, big name concerts, and entertainment in Detroit. We’re here to make your UWindsor experience the best possible. The University offers dozens of support services, from study skills workshops to counselling to special needs accommodations. Our campus sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, comprised of the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. There are few places on earth that someone before us has not called home. Student Support Explore UWindsor's Campus Virtual Tour: Toldo Lancer Centre Stay Healthy & Safe Bystander Initiative Campus Community Police Chiropractic and massage therapy Doctor’s office, dental office Toldo Lancer Centre Peer Counselling Centre Sexual Misconduct Response & Prevention Office Student Counselling Centre/Peer Support Centre Student Health Services Student Medical Response Service Walksafe Faculty Support Academic & personal help on hand Student Services at a Glance Academic Advising Advice on course selection, program and degree requirements. Visit Academic Advising Student Accessibility Services Advising and supports for students with disabilities who require academic accommodations. Visit Student Accessibility Services International Student Centre Services to engage our diverse student body and Soft Landing Program for new international students. Visit International Student Centre Orientation Programs Head Start Orientation — make your schedule and explore the campus. Welcome Week — ease your transition into university life by getting to know the campus community before classes begin. Visit Head Start Orientation Visit Welcome Week Student Success and Leadership Centre Leadership programs, volunteer programs and Outstanding Scholars Program (get payed while you do research). Visit Student Success and Leadership Centre Visit Outstanding Scholars Program Bounce Back Services to engage our diverse student body and Soft Landing Program for new international students. Visit Bounce Back Writing Support Desk A free service for all UWindsor students that helps address issues with their academic writing through one-on-one consultations and workshops Visit Writing Support Desk Campus Community Police UWindsor places a high priority on the public safety of our campus community. The Campus Community Police work in partnership with the University community to provide a safe and secure environment to all students, staff, faculty, and visitors by providing a 24-hour presence on our campus to respond to routine and emergency calls for service. Visit Campus Community Police Bystander Initiative A place where all students can take responsibility for making the world a safer place. Get involved and gain real tools to recognize and interrupt unsafe situations. Know when to act. Know what to do. Make positive and long-lasting changes in your community. Visit Bystander Initiative Academic Support At UWindsor, we can help you make the transition to University with confidence Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences Our student mentors are here for you to help build your comfort level during class discussions, gain a deeper understanding of your material, or learn critical thinking and communication skills. Visit FAHSS Business The Odette Student Success Centre’s highly skilled advisors can provide you with academic advising, career services information, and first-year support and tutoring. The H.O.U.S.E. (Helping Odette Undergraduate Students Excel) Program supports the transition of students into undergraduate studies at the Odette School of Business. Visit Business Engineering The WINONE Office for First Year Engineering promotes a positive, first-year learning experience for engineering students by offering academic counselling and information about support services across campus. It also promotes mentoring of engineering students by fellow undergraduate and graduate engineering students to create a positive, inclusive, and respectful learning environment. Visit Engineering Human Kinetics All first-year HK students are automatically provided with a student mentor through the Kin-One First Year Experience Program. You will learn how to get involved, receive ongoing student support, academic and career counselling, connect with other students and build skills for a successful transition into first year. Visit Human Kinetics Nursing Faculty and staff are devoted to student success within a professional learning environment. Your education experience is enhanced by support services that include academic and career advising (Student Success Coordinator), mental health counselling exclusively available to nursing students (Clinical Therapist), peer mentors (Nursing Lab), and student-led involvement (Nursing Society). Visit Nursing Science The USci Network is a program that supports and promotes student success in Science by providing collaborative and integrative opportunities to enrich the student experience. Through initiatives focused on academic support, career planning, mental health and wellness, peer mentoring, creativity and diversity, the USci Network encourages science students to develop their leadership, engagement, application and discovery skills. Other opportunities include: MySci Advisor Program matches first-year science students with an experienced, upper-year student for advice and guidance about their program Math and Stats Learning Centre Awards for best mentor-mentee in Forensic Science Visit Science Close Questions? Need Help? Chat & ask questions Virtual Coffee with a Student Recruiter: Make an appointment to talk with a Student Recruiter ask.UWindsor Live Chat: Ask our Student Recruitment team questions in real time ask.UWindsor: Search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions Land Acknowledgment The University of Windsor sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, which includes the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. We respect the longstanding relationships with First Nations people in this place in the 100-mile Windsor-Essex peninsula and the straits – les détroits – of Detroit. Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor Mobile Apps Terms & Conditions Contest Rules Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Studentshttps://future.uwindsor.ca/student-services-support?elqTrackId=2214880e6fd1474faf6f02f051a7f773&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=43 <iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-M73XP8N" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> Services and Support - Dive right in, we're here to help - UWindsor The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. Learn More. Future Students Home Close 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate & Diploma Programs Continuing Education Transfer Students International Students Indigenous Students Tuition / Fee Estimator Student Support Services Residence & Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Experiential Learning & Co-op New - High School Students Resource Centre 2. Connect Events, Webinars & Chat Request Program Information Request Materials Meet our Recruitment Team Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Meet our Student Ambassadors 3. Visit In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour Student Experience 4. Apply Undergraduate International Graduate Education Law Continuing Education English Pathway Program Transfer Student Mature Student Part-time Student 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map In-Person Campus Tour Helpful Links Important Dates Live Chat Ask.UWindsor In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour For Educators Back to Top Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students Services & Support We’re here to make your UWindsor experience the best possible. The University offers dozens of support services, from study skills workshops to counselling to special needs accommodations. Student Support Faculty Support This is student life @ UWindsor Head over to The Toldo Lancer Centre for a quick workout. Grab lunch with friends at the Marketplace (Vegan Mushroom Strudel, Coconut Curried Beef, or the Pulled Pork Lasagna?). Take your laptop outside and enjoy the outdoor space. And don’t forget that ultimate frisbee game! In our residence halls and restaurants, you’ll bond with new friends from around the world. Be sure to get involved and join student clubs and organizations. You’ll fit right in! Our campus covers 125 acres and houses 47 buildings, including some pretty awesome, new environmentally-friendly ones on our main and downtown campuses. And over 50% of our campus is green space where you can hang with friends, do homework or just read a book. You’ll be living in one of the coolest (although surprisingly warm) metropolitan areas in North America. The sister cities of Windsor and Detroit offer the best of both worlds – the charm, personal feel, and fabulous restaurants of a small city in Windsor with big city amenities such as major league sports, big name concerts, and entertainment in Detroit. We’re here to make your UWindsor experience the best possible. The University offers dozens of support services, from study skills workshops to counselling to special needs accommodations. Our campus sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, comprised of the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. There are few places on earth that someone before us has not called home. Student Support Explore UWindsor's Campus Virtual Tour: Toldo Lancer Centre Stay Healthy & Safe Bystander Initiative Campus Community Police Chiropractic and massage therapy Doctor’s office, dental office Toldo Lancer Centre Peer Counselling Centre Sexual Misconduct Response & Prevention Office Student Counselling Centre/Peer Support Centre Student Health Services Student Medical Response Service Walksafe Faculty Support Academic & personal help on hand Student Services at a Glance Academic Advising Advice on course selection, program and degree requirements. Visit Academic Advising Student Accessibility Services Advising and supports for students with disabilities who require academic accommodations. Visit Student Accessibility Services International Student Centre Services to engage our diverse student body and Soft Landing Program for new international students. Visit International Student Centre Orientation Programs Head Start Orientation — make your schedule and explore the campus. Welcome Week — ease your transition into university life by getting to know the campus community before classes begin. Visit Head Start Orientation Visit Welcome Week Student Success and Leadership Centre Leadership programs, volunteer programs and Outstanding Scholars Program (get payed while you do research). Visit Student Success and Leadership Centre Visit Outstanding Scholars Program Bounce Back Services to engage our diverse student body and Soft Landing Program for new international students. Visit Bounce Back Writing Support Desk A free service for all UWindsor students that helps address issues with their academic writing through one-on-one consultations and workshops Visit Writing Support Desk Campus Community Police UWindsor places a high priority on the public safety of our campus community. The Campus Community Police work in partnership with the University community to provide a safe and secure environment to all students, staff, faculty, and visitors by providing a 24-hour presence on our campus to respond to routine and emergency calls for service. Visit Campus Community Police Bystander Initiative A place where all students can take responsibility for making the world a safer place. Get involved and gain real tools to recognize and interrupt unsafe situations. Know when to act. Know what to do. Make positive and long-lasting changes in your community. Visit Bystander Initiative Academic Support At UWindsor, we can help you make the transition to University with confidence Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences Our student mentors are here for you to help build your comfort level during class discussions, gain a deeper understanding of your material, or learn critical thinking and communication skills. Visit FAHSS Business The Odette Student Success Centre’s highly skilled advisors can provide you with academic advising, career services information, and first-year support and tutoring. The H.O.U.S.E. (Helping Odette Undergraduate Students Excel) Program supports the transition of students into undergraduate studies at the Odette School of Business. Visit Business Engineering The WINONE Office for First Year Engineering promotes a positive, first-year learning experience for engineering students by offering academic counselling and information about support services across campus. It also promotes mentoring of engineering students by fellow undergraduate and graduate engineering students to create a positive, inclusive, and respectful learning environment. Visit Engineering Human Kinetics All first-year HK students are automatically provided with a student mentor through the Kin-One First Year Experience Program. You will learn how to get involved, receive ongoing student support, academic and career counselling, connect with other students and build skills for a successful transition into first year. Visit Human Kinetics Nursing Faculty and staff are devoted to student success within a professional learning environment. Your education experience is enhanced by support services that include academic and career advising (Student Success Coordinator), mental health counselling exclusively available to nursing students (Clinical Therapist), peer mentors (Nursing Lab), and student-led involvement (Nursing Society). Visit Nursing Science The USci Network is a program that supports and promotes student success in Science by providing collaborative and integrative opportunities to enrich the student experience. Through initiatives focused on academic support, career planning, mental health and wellness, peer mentoring, creativity and diversity, the USci Network encourages science students to develop their leadership, engagement, application and discovery skills. Other opportunities include: MySci Advisor Program matches first-year science students with an experienced, upper-year student for advice and guidance about their program Math and Stats Learning Centre Awards for best mentor-mentee in Forensic Science Visit Science Close Questions? Need Help? Chat & ask questions Virtual Coffee with a Student Recruiter: Make an appointment to talk with a Student Recruiter ask.UWindsor Live Chat: Ask our Student Recruitment team questions in real time ask.UWindsor: Search our knowledge base articles for answers to commonly asked questions Land Acknowledgment The University of Windsor sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, which includes the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. We respect the longstanding relationships with First Nations people in this place in the 100-mile Windsor-Essex peninsula and the straits – les détroits – of Detroit. Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor Mobile Apps Terms & Conditions Contest Rules Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students