https://www.uwindsor.ca/international-student-centre/85/study-permit?elqTrackId=66e06c8e142b45cca446bd454937e869&elqaid=819&elqat=2 Study Permit | International Student Centre Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS International Student Centre International Student Centre Immigration and Visa International Arrivals - New & Returning New Students Health Plans and Services Immigration and Visa Studying in Canada Conditions of a Study Permit holder Leave from studies Working in Canada Entering and Returning to Canada Inviting Family Members to Canada Making Canada Your Permanent Home Visiting United States FAQ - Immigration & Visas Student Exchange Opportunities Resources for Students Getting Involved Faculty and Staff Resources Events ISC Newsletter ISC Room Reservations Contact Us FAQ International Arrivals - New & Returning New Students Health Plans and Services Immigration and Visa Studying in Canada Conditions of a Study Permit holder Leave from studies Working in Canada Entering and Returning to Canada Inviting Family Members to Canada Making Canada Your Permanent Home Visiting United States FAQ - Immigration & Visas Student Exchange Opportunities Resources for Students Getting Involved Faculty and Staff Resources Events ISC Newsletter ISC Room Reservations Contact Us FAQ UWindsor Home International Student Centre Immigration and Visa Study Permit Study Permit Apply for Initial Study Permit In order to study a language, academic, or professional program at University of Windsor for more than six months, international students are required to have a valid study permit. International students are usually required to apply for initial study permit outside of Canada. The study permit application process varies from weeks to months. You should apply for your study permit as soon as you receive the Letter of Acceptance from the University of Windsor. To apply for a study permit, please visit Immigration, Refugees, and Citizenship Canada's website. Enter Canada as An International Student If your study permit application is approved, you will receive a POE Letter (Port of Entry (POE) Letter of Introduction). The letter is not your study or work permit. You must show this letter to the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) officer at the port of entry when you arrive in Canada to get your study permit. You should bring the following documents with you when you enter Canada: a valid passport or travel document. the POE letter of introduction from the visa office that you received when your study permit was approved a valid temporary resident visa (if required) Note: If you have an approved eTA, it will be linked to the passport that you used to apply for your study permit. a copy of the letter of acceptance from the designated learning institution at which you are accepted to study proof that you have enough money to support yourself during your stay in Canada and letters of reference or any other documents recommended by the visa office where you applied. If you pass the examination at the point of entry, the CBSA officer will let you enter Canada and will issue your study permit. You should: check the study permit to make sure your personal information is accurate and check the expiry date on your study permit. You must leave Canada by this date. Extend Your Study Permit It is important to know when your study permit will expire. If your study requires you to remain in Canada beyond the expiry date of your study permit, you must apply for an extension before it expires. Students may wish to apply for an extension 3 months in advance based on the study plan, travel schedule, and IRCC’s processing times. As per IRCC’s requirements, international students shall only renew Temporary Resident Visa (TRV) after a new study permit is approved. If your personal information has changed (passport, name, etc), or you would like to change the employment remarks after graduated from ELIP programs, you need to apply for a new study permit and pay the application fee. Extension Procedures Document Checklist What if my study permit is expired and I never applied to extend it? You must STOP your studies and any work activities immediately It is mandatory to speak with an International Student Advisor if you are out of status and need to apply for restoration Restoration Application Apply within 90 days of the expiry of your Study Permit Pay $350 for the application fee. $200 for restoration and $150 for the study permit Explain why you did not apply for extension on time *You may not resume your studies until your student status is restored but you may remain in Canada and wait for a decision. Applying for a restoration application does not guarantee your status as a student will be restored. If the 90 day restoration period has elapsed... Must leave Canada May try applying for a student visa to return to Canada, but your overstay in Canada could make you ineligible for a new visa More information can be found on the IRCC website: https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/study-canada/extend-study-permit/expired-permit.html share tweet save View Our Upcoming Events share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram