https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/immigrate-canada/express-entry/submit-profile.html Submit an Express Entry profile: Online form - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Immigration and citizenship Immigrate to Canada Immigrate through Express Entry Submit an Express Entry profile: Online form 1. Fill out the online form 2. What to do while you’re in the pool 3. Rounds of invitations 4. Respond to your invitation to apply 5. What to do if you’re not invited to apply We’re introducing category-based rounds of invitations To support the economic goals we identified, we’re introducing rounds of invitations for specific categories of Express Entry candidates. Find out what the categories are, who will be eligible and how category-based rounds of invitation will work. Fill out the online form If you want to come to Canada as a skilled immigrant, your first step is to submit your profile to the Express Entry pool. If you’re eligible, we will: place you in a pool with others who are also eligible give you a score and rank you using several factors invite you to apply to be a permanent resident of Canada (if you’re one of the top candidates) You can only apply online if we send you an invitation to apply. Completing an online Express Entry profile or entering the pool doesn’t guarantee that we’ll invite you to apply for permanent residence. Eligibility questions Answer a few questions to see if you're eligible for Express Entry. It'll take you about 15 minutes. If you’re married or have a common-law partner, one of you must be the main or principal applicant. This person will submit a profile and list the spouse or partner. The principal applicant should be the one of you most likely to: meet the eligibility requirements earn the most points in the selection factors (if applying under the Federal Skilled Workers Program) earn the most points in Express Entry’s Comprehensive Ranking System You won’t be asked to enter information about your dependent children when you create an Express Entry profile. We’ll only ask you for this information if you’re invited to apply for permanent residence. This tool gives you a number at the end (a personal reference code). The code looks like this: JM1234567890. Use this number to move your information from the tool to your Express Entry profile. Find out if you’re eligible Create your Express Entry profile If you’re eligible, the tool will send you to your online account to fill out an Express Entry profile. Follow the instructions to create an account (if you don’t already have one). Enter your personal reference code when it prompts you (only if you have one). Enter your personal details. Create or sign in to your account If you’re a physician with Canadian work experience We introduced a temporary public policy for foreign national physicians who were invited to apply for permanent residence through Express Entry on or after April 25, 2023, and submitted an application have work experience in providing publicly funded medical services in Canada (such as fee-for-service work) aren’t eligible for the Canadian experience class (CEC) or for Canadian work experience points in the Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS) because they’re self-employed We now count this work experience as Canadian work experience, which means it could count toward eligibility for the CEC Canadian work experience points in the CRS When you complete your profile, to make it possible for your work experience to count as Canadian work experience, do not check the “Self-employed work” checkbox under Work experience in Canada. To complete your profile, you’ll need: information from certain documents (for example, language test results) your NOC job title and code You may exit the profile at any time. Your information will be saved in your account. You have 60 days to complete and submit your Express Entry profile. Otherwise, you’ll have to start again. Once you’ve filled out your profile, you can submit it online. Based on the information you enter, we’ll figure out which program(s) under Express Entry you’re eligible for and may be invited to apply to. You can’t choose which program you prefer when you create your profile. Find out what happens if you’re eligible for more than one program. Document navigation Next - Submit an Express Entry profile: What to do while you wait in the pool Page details Date modified: 2023-08-23 About this site Immigration and citizenship Help Centre Contact us Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy