https://www.canada.ca/en/services/transport.html Transport and infrastructure - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Transport and infrastructure Untitled Document Transport and infrastructure Ensuring the safe movement of people and goods by air, rail, road and water. Funding for infrastructure projects. Follow: Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Promotions Marine Liability and Compensation: Oil Spills Making zero-emission vehicles more affordable New drone rules in effect. Register your drone and get your pilot certificate! Explore Investing in Canada plan projects in your community Learn more about how we are protecting our coasts Most requested Drone safety What not to bring on a plane Register your vessel Child car seat safety Transporting dangerous goods - Regulations Canadian Aviation Regulations Services and information COVID-19 measures, updates, and guidance issued by Transport Canada Zero-emission vehicles Purchase incentives, infrastructure funding, greening fleets, policies, regulations, alternative fueling stations. Aviation Pilot and personnel licensing, aircraft and airport operations, drones, incident reporting, air travel, airworthiness. Marine transportation Licence, certify and register a vessel, safety and training, navigational aids, commercial vessels, pleasure craft. Road transportation Defects and recalls, importing vehicles, child car seats, safety standards, commercial carriers, road security. Rail transportation Railway tracks, crossings and bridges, federal rail operations, safety/security investigations, actions and enforcement. Dangerous goods Learn about the safe transport of dangerous goods in Canada by air, rail, road and water. Infrastructure Funding programs for infrastructure projects. Federal investments in infrastructure by province and territory. Features Trade Transportation Corridors Building stronger and more efficient transportation corridors to international markets to help Canadian businesses compete, grow and create more jobs. Transportation 2030 Transportation 2030: A strategic plan for the future of transportation in Canada Defects and recalls of vehicles, tires and child car seats Check if your vehicle, tires or child car seat is subject to a recall, or report a safety defect! Page details Date modified: 2023-05-17 About this site Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy