https://www.uwindsor.ca/international-student-centre/288/international-arrivals?elqTrackId=b71343e0f4104da5bece33f6bdd000d7&elqaid=819&elqat=2 Travel Guide | International Student Centre Skip to main content University of Windsor Search Enter the terms you wish to search for. Search Support UWindsor CLOSE QUICK LINKS Current Students Brightspace UWinsite Student Campus Bookstore Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners About About UWindsor Office of the President People, Equity and Inclusion Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Financial Matters Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Partnerships Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life About Student Life UWindsor Events SoCA Concerts & Events Lancers Varsity Sports University Players Athletics + Recreation Services Student Accessibility Services Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top FUTURE STUDENTS ask.UWindsor MENU ask.UWindsor FUTURE STUDENTS International Student Centre International Student Centre In this section International Arrivals - New & Returning New Students Health Plans and Services Immigration and Visa Student Exchange Opportunities Resources for Students Getting Involved Faculty and Staff Resources Events ISC Newsletter ISC Room Reservations Contact Us FAQ International Arrivals - New & Returning New Students Health Plans and Services Immigration and Visa Student Exchange Opportunities Resources for Students Getting Involved Faculty and Staff Resources Events ISC Newsletter ISC Room Reservations Contact Us FAQ UWindsor Home International Student Centre Travel Guide Travel Guide 1.Review the Government of Canada website on Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) 2. A travel support letter is no longer required to enter Canada, but you are encouraged to travel with the following documents. *You might want to consider when is the right time for you to travel to Canada. While there is no official rule for when you can arrive in Canada before the start of your semester, coming too early might not be a good idea. If you arrive too early before the start of your first semester, you might be in a situation that your Health Insurance has not started yet. Health insurance for new students starting in the Fall 2023 semester will activate on 01 September 2023 for students who are registered in classes. If you are a new student starting your very first semester, you cannot work until your classes begin. Transportation Options Travelling from Toronto to Windsor: By Bus: Robert Q shuttle service is operating on a limited schedule. Please ensure you review the Robert Q Airbus website and in particular information about their COVID-19 preventative measures. Prior to departing from your home country, you should contact Robert Q directly to reserve your transportation. By Air: Daily Air Canada flights are available from Toronto to Windsor. Departure dates and times vary by day. By Train: VIA Rail Canada offers daily trips to Windsor as well. Please visit their website to learn about the latest COVID-19 updates, service modifications and preventative health and safety measures. **We do not advise the students to take a taxi from Toronto to Windsor as it is very costly. Travelling from Windsor Airport to your destination: Students are responsible for acquiring their own transportation once they land in Windsor. Taxi cabs are readily available from Windsor Airport and will cost you approximately $25.00 - $35.00. It is not recommended that you use a Taxi service to travel from Toronto to Windsor as it would cost hundreds of dollars. More reasonable means of transportation from Toronto can be found above. Hotel Options Suggested Hotels: Hotel Options in Toronto: If you are planning to temporarily stay in Toronto after your journey, you may wish to contact one of the following hotels. It is up to you to contact them to secure the room and pay for your reservation. Sheraton Toronto Airport Hotel & Conference Centre (Close to Pearson Airport) 801 Dixon Rd., Toronto, ON M1W 1J5 Hotel website: https://www.marriott.com/en-us/hotels/yyzds-sheraton-toronto-airport-hotel-and-conference-centre/overview/ Guestrooms Features King or two queen beds In-room safes Flat-panel screen TVs Dual-line telephones, data port and voice mail Iron, ironing board and hairdryer Flexible work station Refrigerator (microwave, dishes and glassware are available upon request) Edward Village Hotel Markham 50 E Valhalla Dr, Markham, ON L3R 0A3 Hotel Direct Number: 905-477-2010 Hotel Website: https://www.edwardvillagehotel.com/markham Main Contact: Theiva Kumaresan Cell Number: 647-299-4334 Email Address: theiva.kumaresan@sunraygroup.ca Transportation from Pearson to Edward Village Hotel Markham: Pearson Toronto Airport to the hotel-25 minutes and the taxi cost $55.00-$65.00 Agreed Terms for Edward Village Hotel: Require a credit card number to guarantee the room reservation Hotel is monitored and managed by the on-site Manager on duty 24 hours The hotel will require 24 hours to prepare for arrivals Linen, sheets, and towels will be provided twice a week and placed outside the guestroom door and to be discussed Guest personal laundry items can be bagged and place outside the room at an additional fee of $7.00 per bag All guestrooms are non-smoking rooms and smoking is prohibited indoors at anytime Designated smoking areas are 15 meters away from the hotel building Indian meal delivery service may be available upon request. Hotel Option in Windsor: The University of Windsor recommends the following Windsor hotel accommodations for students who wish to temporarily stay at the hotel after their journey. Howard Johnson Plaza by Wyndham Windsor | Windsor, ON Hotels (wyndhamhotels.com) NOW AVAILABLE FOR BOOKING. 2530 Ouellette Ave, Windsor, ON, N8X 1L7 Wyndham Hotels: Booking URL Rate Plan Code LBU1. Corp ID # 1000049040 When booking your hotel, you must inform them that you are a student from the University of Windsor and provide them with this code: UWIN. The University assumes no responsibility for expenses for hotels, food, transportation, damage to your room, etc. Rates: if booking for 11 days or more = $59.99 per night + taxes or if booking less than 11 days = $87.00 per night + taxes This pricing is only available by booking directly through the link provided or by calling the Hotel directly. It will not be available at this price if you book through a booking website. Price includes: The breakfast area is now open, and the hotel offers complimentary continental breakfast Cleaning supplies (every other day room cleaning by housekeeping will be available) Tissues, toilet paper, extra towels, and coffee/tea supplies for in-room machine Arrangements to have personal items laundered must be made through the hotel front desk. share tweet save View Our Upcoming Events share tweet save Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor mobile apps Terms & Conditions University Bylaws & Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Instagram