https://future.uwindsor.ca/virtual-tours?elqTrackId=6fd65a01246f4b9d8611194a2e52f538&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=43 <iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-M73XP8N" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> UWindsor's Virtual Tours The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. Learn More. Future Students Home Close 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate & Diploma Programs Continuing Education Transfer Students International Students Indigenous Students Tuition / Fee Estimator Student Support Services Residence & Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Experiential Learning & Co-op New - High School Students Resource Centre 2. Connect Events, Webinars & Chat Request Program Information Request Materials Meet our Recruitment Team Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Meet our Student Ambassadors 3. Visit In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour Student Experience 4. Apply Undergraduate International Graduate Education Law Continuing Education English Pathway Program Transfer Student Mature Student Part-time Student 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map In-Person Campus Tour Helpful Links Important Dates Live Chat Ask.UWindsor In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour For Educators Back to Top Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students Virtual Campus Tours Take a virtual tour Take a Student-Led Virtual Tour Join us for our brand new virtual tours The University of Windsor is proud to announce our brand new experience for Virtual Tours, available around the clock, wherever you are. You can also join our Student Ambassadors on a live, guided tour where you will be able to see: Detailed views of the main areas of campus Learn about various locations Check out our campus highlights Understand where your classes and labs will be held, and how you'll be equipped to launch your future career Watch videos and learn more about your University of Windsor experience Explore our Campus Student-Led Virtual Tours Monday, August 7 @ 12 pm EST Sunday, August 20 @ 12 pm EST Advance your career objectives with experiential learning through Internships, research, volunteering and co-op opportunities Learn about the student support available at your home away from home See why Universitas21 ranks Canada seventh overall for best higher education system Student Spotlight See what international students say about life at the University of Windsor. The International Students Centre (ISC) helped ease the transition when coming to the University of Windsor. The ISC often hosts events for international students to get acquainted, share their experiences and learn about Canadian culture. Staying in residence was also helpful with the transition to Canada. I was able to connect with other students and get familiar with the campus. I even worked for residence services. This enhanced my communication skills and allowed me to gain some valuable work experience. Chelsea Okonji Lagos, Nigeria I have taken advantage of the services available at the Student Success Centre by booking monthly appointments with my Academic Advisors. These appointments allowed me to speak about my schedule, courses, and time management strategy. Having someone to follow up with my progress was helpful because I improved my skills through the resources provided. This is one of the many UWindsor services that helped me enhance in my academic experience. Zeenat Hirani Kinshasa, Congo My University of Windsor experience has been exceptional. The teaching is incredible with amazing engineering facilities and superior support from faculty members. Whether for a final year project or a simple question in the class, a faculty member will always be there to help. The University of Windsor campus is so vibrant that I never feel like I'm far away from home. Aditya Vyas Vadodara, India I believe that the University of Windsor prepared me for entering the workforce and I credit the renowned co-op program for giving me the skills and experience to succeed in a post-graduate world. My advice to incoming international students is to make meaningful connections (both personal and professional) whether it be through co-op or joining clubs on campus, and take advantage of all the resources the University has to offer as they will set you up for success in the future. Jai Priyadarshi Delhi, India I came to the University of Windsor to obtain my Master of Engineering degree. I gained the necessary industry skills and knowledge from the courses that helped me excel in my current field of work. The resources that helped me succeed in my university career are the International Student Centre (ISC) and Career Development Services (CDEL), as they assisted with work permits, Visa's and strengthening my resume and cover letter. My advice to incoming international students is to gain as much work experience in Canada as possible and to utilize UWindsor's on-campus resources to succeed. Zachary Zhang Beijing, China When I was deciding where to study in Canada it was clear that studying at the University of Windsor would be one of the best decisions I would ever make. I learned so much and grew in many ways and I look forward to giving back to my community. I participated in the Ignite Work Study program where I worked at the International Student Centre. This gave me insight into a lot of resources available at the University. I also used the career advising resources at the Odette School of Business, where I was given the tools to succeed in the Canadian workplace. My advice is to ensure your resume and cover letter are well written and meet the Canadian standard and gain Canadian work-related experience by volunteering in any capacity. Precious Chinenye Akpunonu Nigeria Previous Next Let's connect Meet our Student Ambassadors Take a Virtual Tour Follow us on Social UWindsor Instagram UWindsor YouTube UWindsor Twitter UWindsor Facebook Questions? Need help? ask.UWindsor: Search our knowledge base Live Chat: Have your questions answered by a Student Ambassador ask.UWindsor Live Chat: Ask our Student Recruitment team questions in real time Have questions? Talk to a student recruiter We're here to help you along the way on your journey to becoming a UWindsor Lancer! Zoe Rivera Gutierrez Faculty of Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences, Business, Law and Education zoe.rivera@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Simon Du Toit Human Kinetics, Nursing, Science and Engineering sdutoit@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Giselle Aiabens Indigenous Enrolment Advisor giselle.aiabens@uwindsor.ca Ashley Quinton Digital Communications Developer a.quinton@uwindsor.ca Beth Natale Director, Student Recruitment Office of Enrolment Management bnatale@uwindsor.ca Achol Bab Student Ambassador Coordinator Achol.Bab@uwindsor.ca Meet the International Student Recruitment team Neharika Kataria Student Recruitment Advisor (South Asia) neharika.kataria@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Linda Kwamboka Mokua Student Recruitment Advisor (East Africa) lindakm@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Karibo Joy Ekeopara Student Recruitment Advisor (West Africa) karibo.ekeopara@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Yunfang Bai (Margaret) Student Recruitment Advisor (Eastern Asia - China) yunfang.bai@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Pham Tra My (Jessica) Student Recruitment Advisor (Southeastern Asia) my.pham@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Estefania Hernandez Velazquez Student Recruitment Advisor (Latin America) estefania.hernandezv@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Nema Reshamvala Student Recruitment Advisor (Middle East) nema.reshamvala@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Tracy Beemer International Enrolment Advisor (Canada & USA) tbeemer@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Deena Wang Manager, International Recruitment and Partnership deenaw@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Land Acknowledgment The University of Windsor sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, which includes the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. We respect the longstanding relationships with First Nations people in this place in the 100-mile Windsor-Essex peninsula and the straits – les détroits – of Detroit. Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor Mobile Apps Terms & Conditions Contest Rules Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Closehttps://future.uwindsor.ca/virtual-tours?elqTrackId=8c7d31c445ae444ab11cfc49dcf5afde&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=43 <iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-M73XP8N" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> UWindsor's Virtual Tours The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. Learn More. Future Students Home Close 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate & Diploma Programs Continuing Education Transfer Students International Students Indigenous Students Tuition / Fee Estimator Student Support Services Residence & Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Experiential Learning & Co-op New - High School Students Resource Centre 2. Connect Events, Webinars & Chat Request Program Information Request Materials Meet our Recruitment Team Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Meet our Student Ambassadors 3. Visit In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour Student Experience 4. Apply Undergraduate International Graduate Education Law Continuing Education English Pathway Program Transfer Student Mature Student Part-time Student 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map In-Person Campus Tour Helpful Links Important Dates Live Chat Ask.UWindsor In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour For Educators Back to Top Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students Virtual Campus Tours Take a virtual tour Take a Student-Led Virtual Tour Join us for our brand new virtual tours The University of Windsor is proud to announce our brand new experience for Virtual Tours, available around the clock, wherever you are. You can also join our Student Ambassadors on a live, guided tour where you will be able to see: Detailed views of the main areas of campus Learn about various locations Check out our campus highlights Understand where your classes and labs will be held, and how you'll be equipped to launch your future career Watch videos and learn more about your University of Windsor experience Explore our Campus Student-Led Virtual Tours Monday, August 7 @ 12 pm EST Sunday, August 20 @ 12 pm EST Advance your career objectives with experiential learning through Internships, research, volunteering and co-op opportunities Learn about the student support available at your home away from home See why Universitas21 ranks Canada seventh overall for best higher education system Student Spotlight See what international students say about life at the University of Windsor. The International Students Centre (ISC) helped ease the transition when coming to the University of Windsor. The ISC often hosts events for international students to get acquainted, share their experiences and learn about Canadian culture. Staying in residence was also helpful with the transition to Canada. I was able to connect with other students and get familiar with the campus. I even worked for residence services. This enhanced my communication skills and allowed me to gain some valuable work experience. Chelsea Okonji Lagos, Nigeria I have taken advantage of the services available at the Student Success Centre by booking monthly appointments with my Academic Advisors. These appointments allowed me to speak about my schedule, courses, and time management strategy. Having someone to follow up with my progress was helpful because I improved my skills through the resources provided. This is one of the many UWindsor services that helped me enhance in my academic experience. Zeenat Hirani Kinshasa, Congo My University of Windsor experience has been exceptional. The teaching is incredible with amazing engineering facilities and superior support from faculty members. Whether for a final year project or a simple question in the class, a faculty member will always be there to help. The University of Windsor campus is so vibrant that I never feel like I'm far away from home. Aditya Vyas Vadodara, India I believe that the University of Windsor prepared me for entering the workforce and I credit the renowned co-op program for giving me the skills and experience to succeed in a post-graduate world. My advice to incoming international students is to make meaningful connections (both personal and professional) whether it be through co-op or joining clubs on campus, and take advantage of all the resources the University has to offer as they will set you up for success in the future. Jai Priyadarshi Delhi, India I came to the University of Windsor to obtain my Master of Engineering degree. I gained the necessary industry skills and knowledge from the courses that helped me excel in my current field of work. The resources that helped me succeed in my university career are the International Student Centre (ISC) and Career Development Services (CDEL), as they assisted with work permits, Visa's and strengthening my resume and cover letter. My advice to incoming international students is to gain as much work experience in Canada as possible and to utilize UWindsor's on-campus resources to succeed. Zachary Zhang Beijing, China When I was deciding where to study in Canada it was clear that studying at the University of Windsor would be one of the best decisions I would ever make. I learned so much and grew in many ways and I look forward to giving back to my community. I participated in the Ignite Work Study program where I worked at the International Student Centre. This gave me insight into a lot of resources available at the University. I also used the career advising resources at the Odette School of Business, where I was given the tools to succeed in the Canadian workplace. My advice is to ensure your resume and cover letter are well written and meet the Canadian standard and gain Canadian work-related experience by volunteering in any capacity. Precious Chinenye Akpunonu Nigeria Previous Next Let's connect Meet our Student Ambassadors Take a Virtual Tour Follow us on Social UWindsor Instagram UWindsor YouTube UWindsor Twitter UWindsor Facebook Questions? Need help? ask.UWindsor: Search our knowledge base Live Chat: Have your questions answered by a Student Ambassador ask.UWindsor Live Chat: Ask our Student Recruitment team questions in real time Have questions? Talk to a student recruiter We're here to help you along the way on your journey to becoming a UWindsor Lancer! Zoe Rivera Gutierrez Faculty of Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences, Business, Law and Education zoe.rivera@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Simon Du Toit Human Kinetics, Nursing, Science and Engineering sdutoit@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Giselle Aiabens Indigenous Enrolment Advisor giselle.aiabens@uwindsor.ca Ashley Quinton Digital Communications Developer a.quinton@uwindsor.ca Beth Natale Director, Student Recruitment Office of Enrolment Management bnatale@uwindsor.ca Achol Bab Student Ambassador Coordinator Achol.Bab@uwindsor.ca Meet the International Student Recruitment team Neharika Kataria Student Recruitment Advisor (South Asia) neharika.kataria@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Linda Kwamboka Mokua Student Recruitment Advisor (East Africa) lindakm@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Karibo Joy Ekeopara Student Recruitment Advisor (West Africa) karibo.ekeopara@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Yunfang Bai (Margaret) Student Recruitment Advisor (Eastern Asia - China) yunfang.bai@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Pham Tra My (Jessica) Student Recruitment Advisor (Southeastern Asia) my.pham@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Estefania Hernandez Velazquez Student Recruitment Advisor (Latin America) estefania.hernandezv@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Nema Reshamvala Student Recruitment Advisor (Middle East) nema.reshamvala@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Tracy Beemer International Enrolment Advisor (Canada & USA) tbeemer@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Deena Wang Manager, International Recruitment and Partnership deenaw@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Land Acknowledgment The University of Windsor sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, which includes the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. We respect the longstanding relationships with First Nations people in this place in the 100-mile Windsor-Essex peninsula and the straits – les détroits – of Detroit. Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor Mobile Apps Terms & Conditions Contest Rules Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Closehttps://future.uwindsor.ca/virtual-tours?elqTrackId=3e83d64eddee4766ae06e17790d8c7ba&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId= <iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-M73XP8N" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> UWindsor's Virtual Tours The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. Learn More. Future Students Home Close 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate & Diploma Programs Continuing Education Transfer Students International Students Indigenous Students Tuition / Fee Estimator Student Support Services Residence & Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Experiential Learning & Co-op New - High School Students Resource Centre 2. Connect Events, Webinars & Chat Request Program Information Request Materials Meet our Recruitment Team Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Meet our Student Ambassadors 3. Visit In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour Student Experience 4. Apply Undergraduate International Graduate Education Law Continuing Education English Pathway Program Transfer Student Mature Student Part-time Student 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map In-Person Campus Tour Helpful Links Important Dates Live Chat Ask.UWindsor In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour For Educators Back to Top Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students Virtual Campus Tours Take a virtual tour Take a Student-Led Virtual Tour Join us for our brand new virtual tours The University of Windsor is proud to announce our brand new experience for Virtual Tours, available around the clock, wherever you are. You can also join our Student Ambassadors on a live, guided tour where you will be able to see: Detailed views of the main areas of campus Learn about various locations Check out our campus highlights Understand where your classes and labs will be held, and how you'll be equipped to launch your future career Watch videos and learn more about your University of Windsor experience Explore our Campus Student-Led Virtual Tours Monday, August 7 @ 12 pm EST Sunday, August 20 @ 12 pm EST Advance your career objectives with experiential learning through Internships, research, volunteering and co-op opportunities Learn about the student support available at your home away from home See why Universitas21 ranks Canada seventh overall for best higher education system Student Spotlight See what international students say about life at the University of Windsor. The International Students Centre (ISC) helped ease the transition when coming to the University of Windsor. The ISC often hosts events for international students to get acquainted, share their experiences and learn about Canadian culture. Staying in residence was also helpful with the transition to Canada. I was able to connect with other students and get familiar with the campus. I even worked for residence services. This enhanced my communication skills and allowed me to gain some valuable work experience. Chelsea Okonji Lagos, Nigeria I have taken advantage of the services available at the Student Success Centre by booking monthly appointments with my Academic Advisors. These appointments allowed me to speak about my schedule, courses, and time management strategy. Having someone to follow up with my progress was helpful because I improved my skills through the resources provided. This is one of the many UWindsor services that helped me enhance in my academic experience. Zeenat Hirani Kinshasa, Congo My University of Windsor experience has been exceptional. The teaching is incredible with amazing engineering facilities and superior support from faculty members. Whether for a final year project or a simple question in the class, a faculty member will always be there to help. The University of Windsor campus is so vibrant that I never feel like I'm far away from home. Aditya Vyas Vadodara, India I believe that the University of Windsor prepared me for entering the workforce and I credit the renowned co-op program for giving me the skills and experience to succeed in a post-graduate world. My advice to incoming international students is to make meaningful connections (both personal and professional) whether it be through co-op or joining clubs on campus, and take advantage of all the resources the University has to offer as they will set you up for success in the future. Jai Priyadarshi Delhi, India I came to the University of Windsor to obtain my Master of Engineering degree. I gained the necessary industry skills and knowledge from the courses that helped me excel in my current field of work. The resources that helped me succeed in my university career are the International Student Centre (ISC) and Career Development Services (CDEL), as they assisted with work permits, Visa's and strengthening my resume and cover letter. My advice to incoming international students is to gain as much work experience in Canada as possible and to utilize UWindsor's on-campus resources to succeed. Zachary Zhang Beijing, China When I was deciding where to study in Canada it was clear that studying at the University of Windsor would be one of the best decisions I would ever make. I learned so much and grew in many ways and I look forward to giving back to my community. I participated in the Ignite Work Study program where I worked at the International Student Centre. This gave me insight into a lot of resources available at the University. I also used the career advising resources at the Odette School of Business, where I was given the tools to succeed in the Canadian workplace. My advice is to ensure your resume and cover letter are well written and meet the Canadian standard and gain Canadian work-related experience by volunteering in any capacity. Precious Chinenye Akpunonu Nigeria Previous Next Let's connect Meet our Student Ambassadors Take a Virtual Tour Follow us on Social UWindsor Instagram UWindsor YouTube UWindsor Twitter UWindsor Facebook Questions? Need help? ask.UWindsor: Search our knowledge base Live Chat: Have your questions answered by a Student Ambassador ask.UWindsor Live Chat: Ask our Student Recruitment team questions in real time Have questions? Talk to a student recruiter We're here to help you along the way on your journey to becoming a UWindsor Lancer! Zoe Rivera Gutierrez Faculty of Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences, Business, Law and Education zoe.rivera@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Simon Du Toit Human Kinetics, Nursing, Science and Engineering sdutoit@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Giselle Aiabens Indigenous Enrolment Advisor giselle.aiabens@uwindsor.ca Ashley Quinton Digital Communications Developer a.quinton@uwindsor.ca Beth Natale Director, Student Recruitment Office of Enrolment Management bnatale@uwindsor.ca Achol Bab Student Ambassador Coordinator Achol.Bab@uwindsor.ca Meet the International Student Recruitment team Neharika Kataria Student Recruitment Advisor (South Asia) neharika.kataria@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Linda Kwamboka Mokua Student Recruitment Advisor (East Africa) lindakm@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Karibo Joy Ekeopara Student Recruitment Advisor (West Africa) karibo.ekeopara@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Yunfang Bai (Margaret) Student Recruitment Advisor (Eastern Asia - China) yunfang.bai@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Pham Tra My (Jessica) Student Recruitment Advisor (Southeastern Asia) my.pham@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Estefania Hernandez Velazquez Student Recruitment Advisor (Latin America) estefania.hernandezv@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Nema Reshamvala Student Recruitment Advisor (Middle East) nema.reshamvala@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Tracy Beemer International Enrolment Advisor (Canada & USA) tbeemer@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Deena Wang Manager, International Recruitment and Partnership deenaw@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Land Acknowledgment The University of Windsor sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, which includes the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. We respect the longstanding relationships with First Nations people in this place in the 100-mile Windsor-Essex peninsula and the straits – les détroits – of Detroit. Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor Mobile Apps Terms & Conditions Contest Rules Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Closehttp://www.uwindsor.ca/174375/virtual-tour?elqTrackId=1572bedfd7ac44c6883484007d6ec93f&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=43#virtualtour <iframe src=" https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-M73XP8N" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"> UWindsor's Virtual Tours The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. Learn More. Future Students Home Close 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate & Diploma Programs Continuing Education Transfer Students International Students Indigenous Students Tuition / Fee Estimator Student Support Services Residence & Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Experiential Learning & Co-op New - High School Students Resource Centre 2. Connect Events, Webinars & Chat Request Program Information Request Materials Meet our Recruitment Team Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Meet our Student Ambassadors 3. Visit In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour Student Experience 4. Apply Undergraduate International Graduate Education Law Continuing Education English Pathway Program Transfer Student Mature Student Part-time Student 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map In-Person Campus Tour Helpful Links Important Dates Live Chat Ask.UWindsor In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour For Educators Back to Top Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students Virtual Campus Tours Take a virtual tour Take a Student-Led Virtual Tour Join us for our brand new virtual tours The University of Windsor is proud to announce our brand new experience for Virtual Tours, available around the clock, wherever you are. You can also join our Student Ambassadors on a live, guided tour where you will be able to see: Detailed views of the main areas of campus Learn about various locations Check out our campus highlights Understand where your classes and labs will be held, and how you'll be equipped to launch your future career Watch videos and learn more about your University of Windsor experience Explore our Campus Student-Led Virtual Tours Monday, August 7 @ 12 pm EST Sunday, August 20 @ 12 pm EST Advance your career objectives with experiential learning through Internships, research, volunteering and co-op opportunities Learn about the student support available at your home away from home See why Universitas21 ranks Canada seventh overall for best higher education system Student Spotlight See what international students say about life at the University of Windsor. The International Students Centre (ISC) helped ease the transition when coming to the University of Windsor. The ISC often hosts events for international students to get acquainted, share their experiences and learn about Canadian culture. Staying in residence was also helpful with the transition to Canada. I was able to connect with other students and get familiar with the campus. I even worked for residence services. This enhanced my communication skills and allowed me to gain some valuable work experience. Chelsea Okonji Lagos, Nigeria I have taken advantage of the services available at the Student Success Centre by booking monthly appointments with my Academic Advisors. These appointments allowed me to speak about my schedule, courses, and time management strategy. Having someone to follow up with my progress was helpful because I improved my skills through the resources provided. This is one of the many UWindsor services that helped me enhance in my academic experience. Zeenat Hirani Kinshasa, Congo My University of Windsor experience has been exceptional. The teaching is incredible with amazing engineering facilities and superior support from faculty members. Whether for a final year project or a simple question in the class, a faculty member will always be there to help. The University of Windsor campus is so vibrant that I never feel like I'm far away from home. Aditya Vyas Vadodara, India I believe that the University of Windsor prepared me for entering the workforce and I credit the renowned co-op program for giving me the skills and experience to succeed in a post-graduate world. My advice to incoming international students is to make meaningful connections (both personal and professional) whether it be through co-op or joining clubs on campus, and take advantage of all the resources the University has to offer as they will set you up for success in the future. Jai Priyadarshi Delhi, India I came to the University of Windsor to obtain my Master of Engineering degree. I gained the necessary industry skills and knowledge from the courses that helped me excel in my current field of work. The resources that helped me succeed in my university career are the International Student Centre (ISC) and Career Development Services (CDEL), as they assisted with work permits, Visa's and strengthening my resume and cover letter. My advice to incoming international students is to gain as much work experience in Canada as possible and to utilize UWindsor's on-campus resources to succeed. Zachary Zhang Beijing, China When I was deciding where to study in Canada it was clear that studying at the University of Windsor would be one of the best decisions I would ever make. I learned so much and grew in many ways and I look forward to giving back to my community. I participated in the Ignite Work Study program where I worked at the International Student Centre. This gave me insight into a lot of resources available at the University. I also used the career advising resources at the Odette School of Business, where I was given the tools to succeed in the Canadian workplace. My advice is to ensure your resume and cover letter are well written and meet the Canadian standard and gain Canadian work-related experience by volunteering in any capacity. Precious Chinenye Akpunonu Nigeria Previous Next Let's connect Meet our Student Ambassadors Take a Virtual Tour Follow us on Social UWindsor Instagram UWindsor YouTube UWindsor Twitter UWindsor Facebook Questions? Need help? ask.UWindsor: Search our knowledge base Live Chat: Have your questions answered by a Student Ambassador ask.UWindsor Live Chat: Ask our Student Recruitment team questions in real time Have questions? Talk to a student recruiter We're here to help you along the way on your journey to becoming a UWindsor Lancer! Zoe Rivera Gutierrez Faculty of Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences, Business, Law and Education zoe.rivera@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Simon Du Toit Human Kinetics, Nursing, Science and Engineering sdutoit@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Giselle Aiabens Indigenous Enrolment Advisor giselle.aiabens@uwindsor.ca Ashley Quinton Digital Communications Developer a.quinton@uwindsor.ca Beth Natale Director, Student Recruitment Office of Enrolment Management bnatale@uwindsor.ca Achol Bab Student Ambassador Coordinator Achol.Bab@uwindsor.ca Meet the International Student Recruitment team Neharika Kataria Student Recruitment Advisor (South Asia) neharika.kataria@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Linda Kwamboka Mokua Student Recruitment Advisor (East Africa) lindakm@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Karibo Joy Ekeopara Student Recruitment Advisor (West Africa) karibo.ekeopara@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Yunfang Bai (Margaret) Student Recruitment Advisor (Eastern Asia - China) yunfang.bai@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Pham Tra My (Jessica) Student Recruitment Advisor (Southeastern Asia) my.pham@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Estefania Hernandez Velazquez Student Recruitment Advisor (Latin America) estefania.hernandezv@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Nema Reshamvala Student Recruitment Advisor (Middle East) nema.reshamvala@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Tracy Beemer International Enrolment Advisor (Canada & USA) tbeemer@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Deena Wang Manager, International Recruitment and Partnership deenaw@uwindsor.ca Book an appointment Land Acknowledgment The University of Windsor sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, which includes the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. We respect the longstanding relationships with First Nations people in this place in the 100-mile Windsor-Essex peninsula and the straits – les détroits – of Detroit. Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor Mobile Apps Terms & Conditions Contest Rules Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students Close