http://www.uwindsor.ca/welcomeweek?elqTrackId=51d36d1075de474bbe46a27125013599&elq=00000000000000000000000000000000&elqaid=819&elqat=2&elqCampaignId=&elqcst=272&elqcsid=43 Welcome Week 2023 - UWindsor The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. Learn More. Future Students Home Close 1. Explore Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Certificate & Diploma Programs Continuing Education Transfer Students International Students Indigenous Students Tuition / Fee Estimator Student Support Services Residence & Food Services Athletics, Clubs & Extracurriculars Experiential Learning & Co-op New - High School Students Resource Centre 2. Connect Events, Webinars & Chat Request Program Information Request Materials Meet our Recruitment Team Live Chat Awards & Financial Aid Meet our Student Ambassadors 3. Visit In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour Student Experience 4. Apply Undergraduate International Graduate Education Law Continuing Education English Pathway Program Transfer Student Mature Student Part-time Student 5. You're In! Next Steps Plan Your Program Head Start Orientation Welcome Week Pay Tuition Campus Map In-Person Campus Tour Helpful Links Important Dates Live Chat Ask.UWindsor In-Person Campus Tour Virtual Campus Tour For Educators Back to Top Support UWindsor Close QUICK LINKS Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates Current Students Blackboard UWinsite Student Faculty + Staff UWinsite Finance Alumni + Donors Industry + Community Partners ASK.UWINDSOR About Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking VIEW Magazine Academics Programs Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Co-operative Education Continuing Education Support Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost Faculties Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science Research Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research Appointments Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre Student Life Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support Back to Top Menu Search ask.UWindsor Future Students Welcome Week 2023 Join us for a Blast From The Past! Stay tuned for updates on the Welcome Week schedule, how to earn points for your faculty team, and much more. See the Events Check out our Sponsors! Thank you for your support! Program Orientations Sept. 6th, 9:00AM - 3:00PM Get acquainted with Faculty and upper year students in your program. View the Program Orientation Schedule to see all the program orientations happening on Wednesday, September 6th, 2023! View Schedule RESIDENCE MOVE-IN DAY E.D. Lumley Centre for Engineering Innovation (CEI) Sept. 3rd, 9:00AM - 3:00PM Come by the CEI Parking Lot to pick your keys and UWin Card. If you've already picked up your UWin Card at Head Start, please be sure to bring it with you on Residence Move In Day as you will need to this access the building you are moving into. Coming Soon What is Welcome Week? Welcome Week is the time for you to become a Lancer! It is a first year undergraduate orientation program that will prepare you for starting classes in September. There are both social and academic events that will help you make friends, learn about what resources are available on campus and get to know your professors. As an incoming student, you will participate in challenges, attend events, and earn points as you compete to win the Lancer Shield. The best part is it will all take place on-campus and in-person. So what are you waiting for? Register today! Stay tuned for updates on the Welcome Week schedule, how to earn points for your faculty team, and much more. Photo Consent Release During each of our welcome week events, there will be many opportunities for which we like to take photos of our incoming students and feature them in our orientation materials (ie: websites, communications). In attending any University of Windsor Welcome Week Events, participants should be aware that photos may be captured of them. Attending a Welcome Week Event grants the University of Windsor the right to reproduce, use, exhibit, display, broadcast, distribute and create derivative works of University of Windsor related photographs or videotaped images of persons in attendance for use in connection with the activities of the University for promoting, publicizing or explaining Orientation and Transition or its activities. This permission includes, without limitation, the right to publish such images in the University's student newsletter or other student correspondence, alumni communications, on the University's website and public relations/promotional materials, such as marketing and admissions publication. These images may appear in any of the wide variety of formats and media now available and that may be available in the future, including but not limited to print, broadcast, digital, videotape, CD--ROM and electronic/online media. All photos taken are without compensation to the photographed. All electronic or non-electronic negatives, positives and prints are owned by the University. If a person does not wish to have a photo taken at a Welcome Week Event, they will take the following steps to ensure this does not happen: Not attend a welcome week event Advise the University of Windsor staff member overseeing the event in person at the event and submit my request in writing to the email identified by the University Staff member I speak to Move-In Day & Parking Info September 3rd (Residence Move In Day): Students can park in any available marked University of Windsor parking lots around the university (excluding Vanier Circle). September 4th to 6th: Students can park in Bridge Lot C. Move-In Day: Residence students are to arrive at the E.D. Lumley Centre for Engineering Innovation (CEI) Parking lot to pick up their keys between 9:00AM and 3:00PM. BATTLE OF THE FACULTIES What is Battle of the Faculties? The inter-faculty rivalry has students form teams from within each major of study, earning points for participation and success in a series of events and challenges! Faculties include... Nursing Business Engineering Faculty of Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences Science Human Kinetics The winners will have a chance to crown their faculty the greatest, as well as receiving the Lancer Shield and a commemorative plaque that will be hung up in a place of prominence on campus. Also the winning team will win awesome prizes and achieve UWindsor immortality. Events eligible for earning points towards winning the Battle of the Faculties are marked with a icon in the events section below! Contest Rules & Prizes Check out the contest rules and prizes document below to see what prizes are up for grabs and how to win them! View Rules & Prizes Welcome Week Events Sunday Sept 3rd Residence Move-In Day 9:00am - 3:00pm E.D. Lumley Centre for Engineering Innovation (CEI) Come by the CEI Parking Lot to pick your keys and UWin Card. If you've already picked up your UWin Card at Head Start, please be sure to bring it with you on Residence Move In Day as you will need to this access the building you are moving into. Community Meeting 4:00pm - 5:00pm Residence Floor Lounges Residence Students, Mandatory Event Resident Assistants will meet with their communities to provide information about residence & the upcoming welcome week. This is a mandatory Community Meeting for all residence students. Tailgate Party & BBQ 4:30pm - 6:30pm Location Alumni Field Residence Students, Mandatory Event Get ready to cheer on the Lancers at the pre-game tailgate party! There will be games, face painting, prizes and free food while supplies last. Gates open at 5:00pm for this event. Residence students can pick up your food ticket from your RA and first year non-residents can pick up your food ticket when you pick up your game ticket at the gate. UWindsor Lancers vs. Guelph Gryphons 7:00pm - 9:00pm Alumni Field The Lancer football team kicks off the 2023-24 season against the Guelph Gryphons on Sunday night. What a better way to kick-off Welcome Week than getting boosting school spirit and making them feel a part of the #LancerFamily right off the bat! Tent Party - Dueling DJs Night 10:00pm - 2:00am CAW Courtyard No Alcohol Available Swing by the UWSA tent in the CAW Courtyard for a themed late night party to enjoy music, drinks, and food! These tent parties take place every night of welcome week, so attend which ever one suits you! All ages are welcome. Monday September 4th River Games 11:00am - 4:00pm Assumption Park Battle of the Faculties Points River Games is one of the biggest events of Welcome Week. It is a full day of activities where students join teams based on their faculty and play games for points towards winning the shield in the battle of the faculties. Come on out to Assumption Park on Monday, September 4th at 10am!!! Breakfast, lunch and lots of freezies will be provided! Speed Mingling 5:00pm - 7:30pm Student Centre Battle of the Faculties Points Speed Mingling is a great opportunity for students to get to meet one another while asking each other the important questions like, Coke or Pepsi? There will be several rounds of fast paced mingling, and students will also have the opportunity to play ping pong, other games and even take photos at a photobooth. Feel free to grab a free fry bread taco while you're there! Paint Night 8:00pm - 10:00pm Katzman Lounge, Vanier Hall Residence Students Only If you are an artist or not you are welcome to come paint with us! Supplies will be provided. Tent Party - Live Cover Bands Night 10:00pm - 2:00am CAW Courtyard No Alcohol Available Swing by the UWSA tent in the CAW Courtyard for a themed late night party to enjoy music, drinks, and food! These tent parties take place every night of welcome week, so attend which ever one suits you! All ages are welcome. Tuesday Sept 5th PASS Program 9:00am - 12:00pm Toldo 100 Science Students Only PASS introduces Science students to all available academic support, volunteering opportunities and social programs to enrich their undergraduate experience. Jump Start 10:30am - 12:00pm Toldo 102 & 104 Looking for a successful September start to your studies? Come on out to JumpStart and learn about the tools and strategies you need to nail your first semester here at UWindsor! We'll walk you through the digital platforms UWindsor students use like Bright Space and UWinsite Student as well learning strategies like effective time management, note taking and syllabus reading. Involvement Fair 12:00pm - 2:00pm David Wilson Commons Battle of the Faculties Points The Involvement fair is an event that hosts student clubs, societies, and campus partners through information booths at the David A. Wilson Commons. Future lancers will have a chance to learn about ways to get involved on campus and get acquainted with campus resources and supports available to them. Feel free to grab a free Hamburger/Hot Dog while you're there! Tour Tuesday 1:00pm - 2:00pm David Wilson Commons Are you looking to get familiar with the UWindsor Campus and the wider Windsor community? Tour Tuesday offers tours to help incoming students familiarize themselves with their new community. Tours offered include: A Campus tour of the common student spaces and classrooms, a tour of the Art Sculptures located at the Detroit Riverfront, a Queer Eye tour featuring pride friendly and gender neutral spaces on campus as well as a Turtle Island Tour in old Sandwich Town located near the university. Transportation will be provided for those tours offered Downtown via a school bus. Anybody with accessibility accommodations is encouraged to contact eventregistration@uwindsor.ca. Participants are encouraged to wear footwear conducive to long periods of walking. Come to Involvement Fair at 1pm to participate in Tour Tuesday. Dirty Bingo 5:30pm - 9:30pm CAW Courtyard BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND, DIRTY BINGO with Sabin is Back! But hold on, this isn't your traditional hosted type of bingo! Expect a a night of wild-song-and-dance-story-telling entertainment hosted by one of the most popular Drag Queen's in the game! Come win some hilarious toy prizes and engage in the excitement as we play bingo, SABIN style! DISCLAIMER: If you're expecting your PG rated grandparents bingo, then this one may not be for you. For more information on what to expect at this event, please visit the UWSA instagram page. Tickets will be sold at the door for $10! Epic Lip Sync Battle 7:00pm - 9:00pm Student Centre Battle of the Faculties Points Compete with your faculty team for points. Show your best lip syncing skills!! Tent Party - Country Night 10:00pm - 2:00am CAW Courtyard Alcohol Available Swing by the UWSA tent in the CAW Courtyard for a themed late night party to enjoy music, drinks, and food! These tent parties take place every night of welcome week, so attend which ever one suits you! All ages are welcome. Wednesday Sept 6th PASS Program 9:00am - 10:30am Toldo 102 Science Students Only PASS introduces Science students to all available academic support, volunteering opportunities and social programs to enrich their undergraduate experience. International Student Orientation 9:00am - 12:00pm Virtual Studying in a new country can be both exciting and overwhelming. The International Student Orientation is designed to provide you with important information regarding your studies and stay in Canada. During our orientation, you will meet the International Student Centre (ISC) staff, get information about services available to you at UWindsor and learn about: health insurance, immigration and visa, adjusting to Canada, how to stay active, career services and your mental health and wellbeing. SIGN-UP NOW Program Orientations 9:00am - 3:00pm Get acquainted with Faculty and upper year students in your program. View the Program Orientation Schedule to see all the program orientations happening on Wednesday, September 6th, 2023! Welcoming Celebration 3:00pm - 4:00pm Toldo Lancer Centre First year students are invited to the Toldo Lancer Centre at the completion of their Program Orientation. Upper year student society members and faculty leaders will be bringing students to the Toldo Lancer Centre to receive a warm welcome. Attendance at this event grants you an entry into a draw to win $4000 off your tuition and other great prizes, sponsored by the University of Windsor Alumni Association, the Student Success and Lead Centre, the Office of Student Experience, the UWSA and OPUS. Winners will be announced during the Celebration as well as the winning Faculty Leader team who will be presented with the coveted UWindsor Shield. Blue & Gold Bingo 5:30pm - 7:30pm Student Centre Come on out to the Student Centre to play a few rounds of Blue and Gold Bingo. There will be tons of prizes and dinner will be provided. Trivia Night 7:00pm - 9:00pm Canterbury College Canterbury College and Campus Ministry will be hosting a Trivia Night, open to all first year students at The University of Windsor. Students will have the opportunity to mingle and work together to win trivia prizes. Tent Party - Hip Hop Night 10:00pm - 2:00am CAW Courtyard No Alcohol Available Swing by the UWSA tent in the CAW Courtyard for a themed late night party to enjoy music, drinks, and food! These tent parties take place every night of welcome week, so attend which ever one suits you! All ages are welcome. Thursday Sept 7th We Love Science Day 10:00am - 3:00pm In Front of CORe Building Come on out for some free food, Labcoat Tie-Dyeing activities, a science society t-shirt and get to know some upper year students in Science. Scoops & Snaps with Careers and Co-op 11:30am - 2:30pm JEC, Suite 100 and in front of co-op/career entrance doors The Career Development & Experiential Learning office and the Co-operative Education office is hosting a ice cream and photo booth social. Come out for some free ice cream and a snap a free picture inside our photo booth machine! Annual Ice Cream Social 12:00pm - 2:00pm Student Centre Courtyard Area Annual Ice Cream Social will provide students ice cream on their first day of classes. This is a grab and go event, while supplies last. Small Business Showcase 5:00pm - 7:00pm 2nd Floor of EpiCentre The University of Windsor EPI Centre will host a Small Business Showcase on September 7th. This event aims to connect students with the thriving entrepreneurial community, providing them with valuable insights into small business ventures and opportunities. Students can explore a wide range of businesses, from innovative startups to established local enterprises. Engage directly with passionate entrepreneurs, learn about their journeys, and gain inspiration for your own entrepreneurial aspirations. The event offers an excellent platform for networking, knowledge-sharing, and building connections with local businesses. Students can discover our community's diverse entrepreneurial opportunities and explore how they can contribute to the region's economic growth. Yoga on the Grass 6:30pm - 7:30pm Dillon Hall Grass Yoga on the grass will be hosted weekly on Thursdays for the month of September. Yoga on the grass will feature Nicole as the Yoga instructor. No registration required. Movie Under the Stars 8:00pm - 11:00pm Residence Quad Join us for a free outdoor movie and popcorn in the Residence Quad Area! Tent Party - Fusion Night (Ragaton, Afro Beats, Punjabi) 10:00pm - 2:00am CAW Courtyard Alcohol Available Swing by the UWSA tent in the CAW Courtyard for a themed late night party to enjoy music, drinks, and food! These tent parties take place every night of welcome week, so attend which ever one suits you! All ages are welcome. Friday Sept 8th Walk on Wyandotte 1:00pm Student Centre Commons to Wyandotte Street West Step into the heart of Windsor during our exciting Welcome Week event, 'Walk on Wyandotte.' Join us on a journey of discovery as we explore local businesses, sample their offerings, and connect with the spirit of our city. This unique adventure is designed for first-year students (and upper years while sampling supplies last) to immerse themselves in the community they'll call home. Don't miss out on this chance to create lasting memories and explore the vibrant tapestry of Windsor ‐ with Freebies at every stop! Sunset Social 4:00pm - 8:00pm In Front of CORe Building This is an opportunity for first-year science students to meet other first years or get to know upper year students. The event will have a BBQ provided by Science Society as well as yard games such as volleyball, cornhole and badminton and music. Envision to Action 4:30pm - 6:00pm Katzman Lounge, Vanier Hall Residence Students Only Residents will build their vision board for the semester- including the academic, social, and general wellbeing goals that they have. All stickers and craft supplies will be provided to them. We will encourage them to think about how they can create a socially just world and to pick at least one social justice area or EDI area that they are passionate about or want to learn more about and add that to their board however they want. Glow & Grow 7:30pm - 10:30pm Alumni Field It is time to get your glow on, Lancers! Glow & Grow is back again this year with relaxing Yoga after dark and of course, all things glow! Sign up today and join in the Alumni Stadium Field for energizing music, fun fitness, soothing stretches, and the chance to make new friends! The first 100 students who register in advance will take home a care package with mental health resources, glow sticks galore, and cool swag! Spaces are limited. TGI Friday 8:00pm - 10:00pm Katzman Lounge, Vanier Hall This event kicks off our weekly TGI Friday events. We will be playing board games. All students welcome! Tent Party - Beach Foam Party Night 10:00pm - 2:00am CAW Courtyard No Alcohol Available Swing by the UWSA tent in the CAW Courtyard for a themed late night party to enjoy music, drinks, and food! These tent parties take place every night of welcome week, so attend which ever one suits you! All ages are welcome. Land Acknowledgment The University of Windsor sits on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations, which includes the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomi. We respect the longstanding relationships with First Nations people in this place in the 100-mile Windsor-Essex peninsula and the straits – les détroits – of Detroit. Contact Us University Directory Accessibility News Services for Media UWindsor Mobile Apps Terms & Conditions Contest Rules Policies Manage UWin Account Emergency Services for Students