https://www.canada.ca/en/services/youth.html Youth in Canada - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About this site" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Whether you want to improve your health or kick-start your career, the Government of Canada has a wide range of tools to get you started. Learn more by visiting Canada.ca. The Government of Canada has tools and information to help youth focus on their future; whether it be how to stay healthy or how to gain new skills. To learn more, visit Canada.ca. Youth in Canada Learn about education, training, jobs, volunteer, and opportunities to make your voice heard. Shape your future State of Youth report A report about the vision for youth – by youth – to ensure youth voices are heard and respected in government decision-making. Canada Service Corps Gain essential life skills and experience, while giving back to your community through volunteer service opportunities. Youth Digital Gateway Explore tools and resources to help you find opportunities, explore careers, and plan your education. Featured resources Search for a job Find a summer job Volunteer or serve and build your skills Explore career options based on employment trends Explore your career options by degree or diploma Information and services Prime Minister's Youth Council Everything you need to know about the Prime Minister's Youth Council. Jobs Job opportunities and Government of Canada hiring programs for students. Student aid and education planning Plan for an education, save, budget and explore student aid and career options. Job training Education, training, financial assistance and the skills you need to find and keep a job. Travel the world Plan your studies, work or travel abroad and in Canada. Leadership and cultural programs Work experiences, internships, park activities and language immersion programs. Contribute to your community Build a better future for yourself and your community by volunteering. Managing your money Budgeting, banking, money transfers, insurance and planning your finances. Health Facts about smoking, drugs, cybersafety, bullying, sex, mental health and more. Youth justice Learn about the youth justice system. About the Youth Secretariat Government listening to Youth. Learn more about the Youth secretariat Updates on youth issues Learn more about our policies, programs, and activities for young Canadians. Canada's Youth Secretariat - Updates Stay connected Report a problem or mistake on this page Please select all that apply: A link, button or video is not working It has a spelling mistake Information is missing Information is outdated or wrong Login error when trying to access an account (e.g. My Service Canada Account) GC Key access SecureKey Concierge (Banking Credential) access Personal Access Code (PAC) problems or EI Access Code (AC) problems Social Insurance Number (SIN) validation problems Other login error not in this list I can't find what I'm looking for Other issue not in this list Submit Thank you for your help! You will not receive a reply. For enquiries, contact us. Date modified: 2021-08-03 About this site Government of Canada All contacts Departments and agencies About government Themes and topics Jobs Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finance Science and innovation Indigenous peoples Veterans and military Youth Government of Canada Corporate Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy